
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.015267                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 15267344125                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               351148914875                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                2044483                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                  3859105                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               39696900                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1219224                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   384.60                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   786303802                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    1484203723                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data         249920                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total             249920                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks       193472                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total          193472                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data            3905                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total                3905                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks          3023                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total               3023                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data          16369579                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total              16369579                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks        12672276                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total             12672276                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks        12672276                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data         16369579                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total             29041855                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                        3905                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                       3023                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                      3905                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                     3023                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM                 249920                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                       0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                  193472                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                  249920                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys               193472                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                      0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0                10                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1                75                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2               169                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3               256                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4               336                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5               386                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6               386                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7               398                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8               265                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9               256                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10              256                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11              199                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12              143                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13              256                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14              308                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15              206                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0                 9                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1                86                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2               170                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3               256                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4               266                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5               280                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6               273                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7               279                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8               142                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9               128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10              150                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11              186                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12              146                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13              217                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14              234                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15              201                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   15270872000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                  3905                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                 3023                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                    3900                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                       5                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                    159                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                    159                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                    169                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                    169                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                    169                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                    169                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                    169                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                    169                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                    169                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                    169                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                    169                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                    169                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                    169                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                    169                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                    169                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                    170                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                    169                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                    169                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples         4411                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    100.519610                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean    75.899637                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   142.577613                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127         3925     88.98%     88.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255          204      4.62%     93.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383           82      1.86%     95.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511           51      1.16%     96.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639           34      0.77%     97.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767           30      0.68%     98.07% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895           27      0.61%     98.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           21      0.48%     99.16% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           37      0.84%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total         4411                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples          169                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean      23.112426                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     22.380913                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev      6.760734                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::16-17             4      2.37%      2.37% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::18-19            55     32.54%     34.91% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::20-21            44     26.04%     60.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::22-23             7      4.14%     65.09% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::24-25            17     10.06%     75.15% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::26-27            16      9.47%     84.62% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::28-29             5      2.96%     87.57% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::30-31             4      2.37%     89.94% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::32-33             6      3.55%     93.49% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::34-35             3      1.78%     95.27% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::38-39             3      1.78%     97.04% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::40-41             2      1.18%     98.22% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::52-53             1      0.59%     98.82% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::56-57             1      0.59%     99.41% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::58-59             1      0.59%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total           169                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples          169                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      17.887574                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     17.880706                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.480971                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16               10      5.92%      5.92% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18              158     93.49%     99.41% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::19                1      0.59%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total           169                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                    314031500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat               387250250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                   19525000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     80417.80                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                99167.80                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                        16.37                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                        12.67                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                     16.37                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                     12.67                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         0.23                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     0.13                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.10                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      24.46                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                       55                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                    2462                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                  1.41                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                81.44                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                    2204225.17                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    36.33                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                 16150680                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                  8584290                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy                14394240                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy                8451180                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         1124176560.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy            418467780                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             51953760                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy      2823071490                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy      1897670880                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy        895857720                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy             7259845200                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            475.514611                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime          14211114500                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE     89761750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     477340000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF   3079181250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN   4941825500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT     488287000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   6190948625                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                 15343860                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                  8155455                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy                13487460                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy                7328880                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         1008009600.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy            378456060                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             41691840                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy      2534522100                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy      1836362880                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy       1070441100                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy             6914534445                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            452.897006                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime          14322525750                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE     69331000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     427708000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF   3986828000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN   4782120875                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT     443175500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   5558180750                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups               13246243                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted         13246243                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect          1080795                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups            11095781                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                 997266                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect            209631                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectLookups       11095781                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectHits           3623799                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectMisses         7471982                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu0.branchPredindirectMispredicted       778383                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                    9985079                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                    7513100                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                       121150                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                        38219                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                    8978364                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                        13950                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                   24                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                        30534688                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles           9707570                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                      59794407                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                   13246243                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches           4621065                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                     19667556                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                2178212                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.MiscStallCycles                7809                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles        62366                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                  8964414                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes               258472                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples          30534407                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             3.748176                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            3.579209                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                12314003     40.33%     40.33% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                  862964      2.83%     43.15% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                 1242613      4.07%     47.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                 1403841      4.60%     51.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                 1116122      3.66%     55.48% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                 1113348      3.65%     59.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                 1042525      3.41%     62.54% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                  909688      2.98%     65.52% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                10529303     34.48%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total            30534407                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.433810                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       1.958245                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                 8619984                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles              4212284                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                 15670978                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles               942055                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles               1089106                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts             108860269                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles               1089106                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                 9381055                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles                3250923                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles          5022                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                 15784849                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles              1023452                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts             103769451                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents                  140                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents                 63480                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LQFullEvents                    46                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu0.rename.SQFullEvents                903449                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands          110277417                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups            260980264                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups       155990456                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.fp_rename_lookups          3154688                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps             68667507                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                41609890                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts               771                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts           930                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                   874984                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads            11905229                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores            8906268                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads           486522                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores          186607                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                  93476317                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded              58017                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                 83394010                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued           458506                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       29250039                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     42292251                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         57993                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     30534407                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        2.731149                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       2.526017                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0            9749210     31.93%     31.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1            2859037      9.36%     41.29% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2            3101196     10.16%     51.45% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3            3090819     10.12%     61.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4            3151277     10.32%     71.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5            2784136      9.12%     81.01% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6            3101581     10.16%     91.17% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7            1652358      5.41%     96.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8            1044793      3.42%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       30534407                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                 819132     73.47%     73.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     73.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     73.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                14755      1.32%     74.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     74.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     74.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     74.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     74.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     74.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     74.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     74.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     74.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     74.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     74.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     74.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     74.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     74.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     74.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     74.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     74.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     74.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     74.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     74.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     74.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     74.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     74.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     74.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     74.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     74.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     74.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     74.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                105878      9.50%     84.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                87120      7.81%     92.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead             1006      0.09%     92.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite           86994      7.80%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass           513996      0.62%      0.62% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu             63163899     75.74%     76.36% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult               75039      0.09%     76.45% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                85182      0.10%     76.55% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            1168713      1.40%     77.95% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     77.95% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     77.95% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     77.95% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     77.95% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     77.95% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     77.95% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     77.95% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     77.95% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     77.95% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     77.95% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     77.95% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     77.95% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     77.95% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     77.95% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     77.95% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     77.95% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     77.95% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     77.95% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     77.95% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     77.95% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     77.95% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     77.95% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     77.95% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     77.95% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     77.95% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     77.95% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     77.95% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead            10139928     12.16%     90.11% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite            7575894      9.08%     99.19% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead         395917      0.47%     99.67% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite        275442      0.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total              83394010                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          2.731124                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                    1114885                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.013369                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads         194958323                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes        119704812                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     77907322                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            3937495                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes           3080689                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1785356                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses              82008425                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses                1986474                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         1248327                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      4205502                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses        12426                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         2665                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores      2594142                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           78                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles               1089106                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles                3308877                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles                 2799                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts           93534334                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts            16201                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts             11905229                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts             8906268                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts             20451                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                    72                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                 2827                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          2665                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        305049                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1125253                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts             1430302                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts             80826012                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts              9978518                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts          2567998                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                    17484068                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                 8743663                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                   7505550                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    2.647023                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                      80276561                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                     79692678                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                 55658040                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                 87172195                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      2.609906                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.638484                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts       29250588                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.commitNonSpecStalls             24                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts          1088380                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     26137715                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     2.459445                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     2.734351                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      9294802     35.56%     35.56% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      3793341     14.51%     50.07% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      2642226     10.11%     60.18% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      3577368     13.69%     73.87% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      1143042      4.37%     78.24% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1161897      4.45%     82.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       821741      3.14%     85.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       464100      1.78%     87.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      3239198     12.39%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     26137715                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts            33939082                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps              64284280                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                      14011851                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                      7699727                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                   7472422                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                   1311603                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                 63299022                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls              465807                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass       261214      0.41%      0.41% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu        48889450     76.05%     76.46% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult          54654      0.09%     76.54% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv           76335      0.12%     76.66% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd        990776      1.54%     78.20% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     78.20% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     78.20% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.20% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.20% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     78.20% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.20% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.20% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     78.20% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.20% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     78.20% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     78.20% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     78.20% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     78.20% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     78.20% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.20% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.20% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.20% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     78.20% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.20% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.20% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.20% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.20% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.20% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.20% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.20% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.20% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.20% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead        7422547     11.55%     89.75% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite       6312124      9.82%     99.57% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead       277180      0.43%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::total         64284280                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events              3239198                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                   116433385                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                  191553905                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                             31                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                            281                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.committedInsts                   33939082                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                     64284280                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                              0.899691                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                        0.899691                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              1.111493                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        1.111493                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads               116841764                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes               62444154                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads                  2518763                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_writes                 1244935                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_reads                 40607730                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_writes                21289294                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads               35481695                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements             4933                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs            5266559                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs             4933                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs          1067.617880                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data         1024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           39                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          245                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          470                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          267                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         59728317                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses        59728317                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data      8611833                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        8611833                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data      6311944                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       6311944                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data     14923777                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total        14923777                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data     14923777                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total       14923777                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data         3706                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         3706                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data         3363                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         3363                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data         7069                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total          7069                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data         7069                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total         7069                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    278660000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    278660000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    450219000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    450219000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data    728879000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    728879000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data    728879000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    728879000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data      8615539                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8615539                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data      6315307                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      6315307                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data     14930846                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total     14930846                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data     14930846                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total     14930846                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000430                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000430                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000533                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000533                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000473                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000473                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000473                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000473                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 75191.581220                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 75191.581220                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 133874.219447                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 133874.219447                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 103109.209223                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 103109.209223                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 103109.209223                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 103109.209223                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         3734                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total             3734                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data         2100                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         2100                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data           35                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           35                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data         2135                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         2135                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data         2135                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         2135                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         1606                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1606                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         3328                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         3328                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         4934                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         4934                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         4934                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         4934                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    162590000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    162590000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    443122500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    443122500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    605712500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    605712500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    605712500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    605712500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000186                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000186                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000527                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000527                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000330                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000330                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000330                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000330                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 101239.103362                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101239.103362                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 133149.789663                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 133149.789663                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 122762.971220                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 122762.971220                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 122762.971220                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 122762.971220                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements             1377                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse         1022.000005                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs             469263                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs             1377                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs           340.786492                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst  1022.000005                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.998047                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.998047                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1022                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           11                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           12                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          999                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.998047                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses         35859034                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses        35859034                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst      8962990                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        8962990                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst      8962990                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total         8962990                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst      8962990                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total        8962990                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst         1424                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         1424                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu0.inst         1424                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total          1424                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu0.inst         1424                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total         1424                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     18154000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     18154000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     18154000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     18154000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     18154000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     18154000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst      8964414                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8964414                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst      8964414                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total      8964414                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst      8964414                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total      8964414                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000159                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000159                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000159                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000159                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000159                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000159                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 12748.595506                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 12748.595506                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 12748.595506                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 12748.595506                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 12748.595506                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 12748.595506                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::writebacks         1377                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total             1377                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst           46                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           46                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst           46                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           46                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst           46                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           46                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst         1378                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1378                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst         1378                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1378                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst         1378                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1378                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     16527000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     16527000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     16527000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     16527000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     16527000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     16527000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000154                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000154                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000154                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000154                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000154                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000154                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 11993.468795                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11993.468795                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 11993.468795                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11993.468795                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 11993.468795                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11993.468795                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu1.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                      3907                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                        16384                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                        5032                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                      3907                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      1.287945                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks       53.409788                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst        25.612192                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     16304.978020                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.003260                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst        0.001563                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.995177                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total                   1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           23                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          240                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         2307                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        13811                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                    104811                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                   104811                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         3734                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total             3734                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks         1377                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total             1377                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu0.data                1                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total                    1                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data                13                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                    13                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu0.inst           1377                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total               1377                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data          1015                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total              1015                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.inst                 1377                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data                 1028                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                     2405                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.inst                1377                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data                1028                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                    2405                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data            3315                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                3315                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data          590                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total             590                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data               3905                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                   3905                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data              3905                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                  3905                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    438072500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     438072500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    149380000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total    149380000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data    587452500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total        587452500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data    587452500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total       587452500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         3734                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         3734                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks         1377                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total         1377                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu0.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total                1                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data          3328                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total              3328                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu0.inst         1377                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total           1377                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data         1605                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total          1605                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst             1377                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data             4933                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total                 6310                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst            1377                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data            4933                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total                6310                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.996094                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.996094                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.367601                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.367601                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.791608                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.618859                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.791608                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.618859                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 132148.567119                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 132148.567119                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 253186.440678                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 253186.440678                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 150435.979513                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 150435.979513                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 150435.979513                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 150435.979513                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                 3023                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                      3023                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks            8                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total             8                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         3315                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           3315                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          590                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total          590                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          3905                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total              3905                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         3905                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total             3905                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    404922500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    404922500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    143480000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    143480000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    548402500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    548402500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    548402500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    548402500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.996094                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.996094                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.367601                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.367601                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.791608                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.618859                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.791608                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.618859                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 122148.567119                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 122148.567119                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 243186.440678                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 243186.440678                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 140435.979513                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 140435.979513                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 140435.979513                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 140435.979513                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests          7814                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests         3910                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp                590                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         3023                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict              886                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq              3315                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp             3315                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq           590                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port        11719                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total        11719                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  11719                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       443392                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total       443392                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                  443392                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples              3905                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                    3905    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total                3905                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer4.occupancy            20908500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer4.utilization               0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           21519250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        12622                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests         6310                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests           10                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops              6                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            6                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp              2983                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         6757                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean         1377                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict            2083                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq               1                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp              1                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             3328                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp            3328                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq          1378                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         1605                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         4132                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        14801                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                 18933                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       176256                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       554688                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total                 730944                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                            3908                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                    193536                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples            10219                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.001566                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.039540                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                  10203     99.84%     99.84% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                     16      0.16%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total              10219                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy           11422000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy           2067000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy           7400000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
