
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.015267                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 15267344125                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               2427507715875                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                               12321248                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                 22645349                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               36177982                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1248976                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   422.01                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  5199646426                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    9556484228                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.inst            256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data        1191168                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total            1191424                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst          256                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total           256                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks      1013952                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total         1013952                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.inst               4                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data           18612                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total               18616                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks         15843                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total              15843                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.inst             16768                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data          78020643                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total              78037410                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst        16768                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total            16768                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks        66413123                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total             66413123                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks        66413123                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.inst            16768                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data         78020643                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            144450533                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                       18617                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                      15843                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                     18617                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                    15843                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM                1191424                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                      64                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                 1013952                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                 1191488                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys              1013952                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                      1                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0              1125                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1              1117                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2              1142                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3              1132                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4              1070                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5              1252                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6              1228                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7              1211                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8              1265                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9              1229                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10             1186                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11             1137                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12             1095                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13             1093                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14             1190                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15             1144                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0               952                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1               938                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2               984                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3               977                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4               913                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5              1066                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6              1034                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7              1029                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8              1068                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9              1050                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10              996                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11              966                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12              936                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13              938                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14             1023                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15              973                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   15267368000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                 18617                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                15843                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                   16905                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                    1690                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                      21                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                    534                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                    563                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                    896                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                    918                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                    919                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                    919                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                    918                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                    923                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                    920                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                    920                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                    920                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                    919                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                    928                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                    923                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                    923                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                    960                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                    922                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                    918                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples        24405                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean     90.373612                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean    81.359827                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev    53.035757                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::64-127        17519     71.78%     71.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-191         5020     20.57%     92.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::192-255         1091      4.47%     96.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-319          469      1.92%     98.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::320-383          187      0.77%     99.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-447           64      0.26%     99.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::448-511           27      0.11%     99.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-575           17      0.07%     99.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::576-639            4      0.02%     99.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-703            4      0.02%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::704-767            2      0.01%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-831            1      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total        24405                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples          918                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean      20.277778                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     20.152528                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev      2.269269                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::15                3      0.33%      0.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::16               29      3.16%      3.49% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::17               61      6.64%     10.13% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::18              113     12.31%     22.44% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::19              158     17.21%     39.65% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::20              154     16.78%     56.43% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::21              130     14.16%     70.59% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::22              127     13.83%     84.42% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::23               64      6.97%     91.39% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::24               42      4.58%     95.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::25               21      2.29%     98.26% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::26               10      1.09%     99.35% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::27                4      0.44%     99.78% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::28                2      0.22%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total           918                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples          918                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      17.258170                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     17.226593                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      1.039993                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16              352     38.34%     38.34% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::17               28      3.05%     41.39% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18              491     53.49%     94.88% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::19               44      4.79%     99.67% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::20                2      0.22%     99.89% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::21                1      0.11%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total           918                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                    515873750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat               864923750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                   93080000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     27711.31                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                46461.31                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                        78.04                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                        66.41                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                     78.04                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                     66.41                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         1.13                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     0.61                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.52                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.13                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      25.01                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                     6570                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                    3487                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 35.29                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                22.01                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                     443046.08                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    29.19                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                 86201220                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                 45813240                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy                66237780                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy               41201460                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         1220060400.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy           1002049170                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             30939840                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy      4497281190                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy      1157110560                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy         50440680                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy             8197590360                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            536.936241                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime          12988922750                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE     22370250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     516388000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF    112960000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN   3013379750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    1739663125                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   9862583000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                 88029060                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                 46803735                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy                66680460                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy               41499000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         1220060400.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy           1009786350                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             30659520                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy      4529159010                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy      1135324320                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy         40621080                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy             8208986775                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            537.682698                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime          12972051500                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE     21121000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     516352000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF     83312500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN   2956494750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    1757630250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   9932433625                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups               13185061                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted         13185061                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect          1372231                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups            11036091                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                1061232                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect            187646                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectLookups       11036091                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectHits           2639897                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectMisses         8396194                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu0.branchPredindirectMispredicted       909325                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                    6915320                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                    2291260                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                        84958                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                        19022                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                    6509514                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                         2615                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                   18                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                        30534688                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles           7342537                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                      56222829                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                   13185061                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches           3701129                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                     21801855                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                2746636                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.TlbCycles                         5                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.cpu0.fetch.MiscStallCycles                 902                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles        15173                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                  6506899                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes               315751                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples          30533790                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             4.017315                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            3.672604                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                12195476     39.94%     39.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                  520011      1.70%     41.64% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                  903468      2.96%     44.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                 1326662      4.34%     48.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                  601263      1.97%     50.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                 1154436      3.78%     54.70% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                  994031      3.26%     57.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                  492048      1.61%     59.56% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                12346395     40.44%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total            30533790                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.431806                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       1.841277                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                 5534410                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles              8515645                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                 13639464                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles              1470953                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles               1373318                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts             109719645                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles               1373318                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                 6612549                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles                7038178                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles        244042                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                 13816010                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles              1449693                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts             102586472                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents                33740                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents                808003                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LQFullEvents                   748                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu0.rename.SQFullEvents                400074                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands          115390049                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups            254504333                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups       139198754                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.fp_rename_lookups         19763703                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps             47878492                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                67511556                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts             32115                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts         34631                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                  3507687                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads             9431055                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores            3186255                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads           150415                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores          164191                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                  89010713                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded             206846                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                 70647680                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued           668519                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       47918714                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     69433580                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved        206738                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     30533790                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        2.313754                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       2.587456                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           13349389     43.72%     43.72% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1            2242562      7.34%     51.06% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2            2773690      9.08%     60.15% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3            2319493      7.60%     67.75% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4            2340314      7.66%     75.41% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5            2230843      7.31%     82.72% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6            2618596      8.58%     91.29% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7            1599012      5.24%     96.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8            1059891      3.47%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       30533790                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                1410694     92.65%     92.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     92.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     92.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                80452      5.28%     97.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     97.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     97.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     97.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     97.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     97.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     97.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     97.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     97.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     97.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     97.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     97.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     97.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     97.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     97.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     97.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     97.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     97.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     97.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     97.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     97.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     97.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     97.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     97.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     97.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     97.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     97.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     97.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                  4805      0.32%     98.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                 2541      0.17%     98.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead            23594      1.55%     99.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite             473      0.03%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass          1870675      2.65%      2.65% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu             53602923     75.87%     78.52% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                2961      0.00%     78.53% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                70890      0.10%     78.63% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            5069085      7.18%     85.80% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     85.80% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     85.80% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     85.80% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     85.80% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     85.80% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     85.80% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     85.80% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     85.80% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     85.80% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     85.80% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     85.80% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     85.80% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     85.80% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     85.80% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     85.80% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     85.80% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     85.80% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     85.80% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     85.80% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     85.80% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     85.80% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     85.80% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     85.80% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     85.80% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     85.80% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.80% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     85.80% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead             5067967      7.17%     92.97% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite            2490835      3.53%     96.50% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead        2470811      3.50%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite          1533      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total              70647680                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          2.313686                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                    1522559                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.021551                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads         158523202                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes        118757519                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     59536547                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads           15497026                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes          18379008                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      6878494                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses              62545644                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses                7753920                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads          215120                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      5749428                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses         3905                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          293                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores      1551284                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         3119                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            7                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles               1373318                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles                6196868                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles                 8909                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts           89217559                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts            48711                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts              9431055                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts             3186255                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts             85938                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                  5608                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                 1455                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           293                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        410599                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1314190                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts             1724789                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts             67602362                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts              6879168                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts          3045318                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                     9169786                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                 6203364                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                   2290618                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    2.213953                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                      66974338                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                     66415041                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                 49220659                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                 87649313                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      2.175069                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.561564                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts       47918997                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.commitNonSpecStalls            108                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts          1373163                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     23242517                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     1.776867                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     2.398159                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     10786014     46.41%     46.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      3038048     13.07%     59.48% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      3464789     14.91%     74.38% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      1852201      7.97%     82.35% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       940022      4.04%     86.40% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       770556      3.32%     89.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       323116      1.39%     91.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       319111      1.37%     92.48% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      1748660      7.52%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     23242517                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts            18728688                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps              41298850                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                       5316599                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                      3681628                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                         60                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                   4307172                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                   3175630                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                 38593175                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls              368896                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass       713919      1.73%      1.73% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu        32831435     79.50%     81.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult           1690      0.00%     81.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv           46057      0.11%     81.34% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd       2389150      5.79%     87.13% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     87.13% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     87.13% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     87.13% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     87.13% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     87.13% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     87.13% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     87.13% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     87.13% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     87.13% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     87.13% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     87.13% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     87.13% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     87.13% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     87.13% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     87.13% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     87.13% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     87.13% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     87.13% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     87.13% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     87.13% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     87.13% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     87.13% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     87.13% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     87.13% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     87.13% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     87.13% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     87.13% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead        2906518      7.04%     94.16% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite       1634971      3.96%     98.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead       775110      1.88%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::total         41298850                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events              1748660                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                   110711704                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                  185866609                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                             84                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                            898                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.committedInsts                   18728688                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                     41298850                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                              1.630370                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                        1.630370                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              0.613358                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        0.613358                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads                86182309                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes               50911241                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads                 10864644                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_writes                 6489833                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_reads                 36075312                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_writes                17800447                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads               21824651                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements            21066                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs             566916                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs            21066                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs            26.911421                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data         1024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           21                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          764                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           55                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           56                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         33038550                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses        33038550                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data      6588185                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        6588185                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data      1625310                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       1625310                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data      8213495                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total         8213495                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data      8213495                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total        8213495                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data        30990                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        30990                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data         9886                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         9886                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data        40876                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total         40876                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data        40876                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total        40876                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data   2341110000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2341110000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    936295500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    936295500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data   3277405500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   3277405500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data   3277405500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   3277405500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data      6619175                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      6619175                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data      1635196                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1635196                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data      8254371                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total      8254371                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data      8254371                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total      8254371                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.004682                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.004682                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.006046                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.006046                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.004952                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.004952                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.004952                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.004952                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 75544.046467                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 75544.046467                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94709.235282                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 94709.235282                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 80179.212741                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 80179.212741                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 80179.212741                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 80179.212741                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          100                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                5                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           20                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        16171                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total            16171                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data        19327                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        19327                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data          465                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          465                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data        19792                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        19792                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data        19792                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        19792                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        11663                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        11663                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         9421                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         9421                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        21084                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        21084                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        21084                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        21084                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    987598000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    987598000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    889436500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    889436500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   1877034500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1877034500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   1877034500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1877034500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.001762                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001762                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.005761                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005761                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.002554                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002554                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.002554                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002554                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84677.870188                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84677.870188                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94409.988324                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 94409.988324                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 89026.489281                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 89026.489281                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 89026.489281                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 89026.489281                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements              998                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse         1021.415443                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs             115266                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs              998                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs           115.496994                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst  1021.415443                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.997476                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.997476                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1021                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           13                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         1004                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.997070                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses         26028611                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses        26028611                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst      6505859                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        6505859                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst      6505859                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total         6505859                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst      6505859                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total        6505859                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst         1040                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         1040                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu0.inst         1040                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total          1040                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu0.inst         1040                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total         1040                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     13492000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     13492000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     13492000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     13492000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     13492000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     13492000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst      6506899                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      6506899                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst      6506899                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total      6506899                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst      6506899                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total      6506899                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000160                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000160                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000160                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000160                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000160                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000160                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 12973.076923                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 12973.076923                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 12973.076923                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 12973.076923                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 12973.076923                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 12973.076923                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::writebacks          998                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total              998                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst           25                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           25                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst           25                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           25                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst           25                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           25                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst         1015                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1015                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst         1015                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1015                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst         1015                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1015                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     12344000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     12344000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     12344000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     12344000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     12344000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     12344000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000156                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000156                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000156                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000156                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000156                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000156                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 12161.576355                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12161.576355                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 12161.576355                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12161.576355                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 12161.576355                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12161.576355                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu1.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                     18623                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                        16384                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                       20183                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                     18623                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      1.083767                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks       15.820651                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst        17.662908                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     16350.516441                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.000966                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst        0.001078                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.997956                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total                   1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           20                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          117                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         1075                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3        10780                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         4392                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                    371543                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                   371543                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks        16171                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total            16171                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks          998                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total              998                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data                63                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                    63                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu0.inst            994                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total                994                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data          2390                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total              2390                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.inst                  994                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data                 2453                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                     3447                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.inst                 994                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data                2453                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                    3447                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu0.data             18                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::total                 18                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data            9341                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                9341                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu0.inst            4                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total                4                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data         9272                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total            9272                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.inst                  4                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data              18613                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                  18617                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.inst                 4                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data             18613                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                 18617                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    874186500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     874186500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       344500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total       344500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    944456500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total    944456500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       344500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data   1818643000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total       1818987500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       344500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data   1818643000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total      1818987500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks        16171                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        16171                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks          998                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total          998                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu0.data           18                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total               18                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data          9404                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total              9404                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu0.inst          998                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total            998                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data        11662                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         11662                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst              998                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data            21066                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total                22064                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst             998                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data           21066                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total               22064                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total               1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.993301                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.993301                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.004008                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.004008                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.795061                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.795061                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst        0.004008                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.883556                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.843773                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst       0.004008                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.883556                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.843773                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 93585.965100                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 93585.965100                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        86125                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total        86125                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 101861.141070                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 101861.141070                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        86125                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 97708.214689                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 97705.725949                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        86125                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 97708.214689                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 97705.725949                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                15843                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                     15843                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data           18                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total            18                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         9341                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           9341                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            4                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total            4                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         9272                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total         9272                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst             4                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         18613                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total             18617                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            4                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        18613                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total            18617                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data       361000                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       361000                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    780776500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    780776500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       304500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       304500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    851736500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    851736500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       304500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   1632513000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1632817500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       304500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   1632513000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1632817500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.993301                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.993301                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.004008                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004008                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.795061                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.795061                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.004008                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.883556                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.843773                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.004008                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.883556                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.843773                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 20055.555556                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20055.555556                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 83585.965100                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 83585.965100                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        76125                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        76125                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 91861.141070                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 91861.141070                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        76125                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 87708.214689                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 87705.725949                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        76125                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 87708.214689                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 87705.725949                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests         37246                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests        18631                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               9276                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        15843                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict             2768                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq               18                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq              9341                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp             9341                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq          9276                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port        55863                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total        55863                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  55863                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port      2205440                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total      2205440                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 2205440                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples             18635                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                   18635    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total               18635                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer4.occupancy           105267000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer4.utilization               0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy          100974000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        44163                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests        22063                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests           66                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops             13                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops           13                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp             12677                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        32014                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean          998                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict            7675                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq              18                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp             18                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             9404                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp            9404                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq          1015                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        11662                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         3011                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        63234                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                 66245                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       127744                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      2383168                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total                2510912                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                           18640                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                   1015040                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples            40722                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.001915                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.043724                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                  40644     99.81%     99.81% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                     78      0.19%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total              40722                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy           39250500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy           1522999                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy          31608499                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
