
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.015267                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 15267344125                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               2656517877750                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                               37903930                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                 70112868                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              106097890                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1248976                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   143.90                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  5454323435                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   10089146581                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.inst            576                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data        8588736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total            8589312                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst          576                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total           576                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks       215168                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total          215168                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.inst               9                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data          134199                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total              134208                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks          3362                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total               3362                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.inst             37728                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data         562555997                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             562593725                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst        37728                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total            37728                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks        14093348                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total             14093348                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks        14093348                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.inst            37728                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data        562555997                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            576687073                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                      134207                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                       3362                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                    134207                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                     3362                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM                8561984                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                   27264                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                  215104                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                 8589248                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys               215168                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                    426                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0              8059                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1              7862                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2              7580                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3              7661                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4              7447                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5              7417                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6              7179                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7              7315                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8              7035                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9              6884                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10             6571                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11             8287                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12            12415                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13            11460                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14            11058                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15             9551                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0               130                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1               128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2               129                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3               259                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4               256                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5               134                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6               140                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7               155                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8               164                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9               171                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10              190                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11              194                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12              554                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13              241                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14              308                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15              208                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   15267314500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                134207                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                 3362                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                  105913                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                   25591                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                    2175                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                     100                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                     32                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                     32                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                    202                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                    206                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                    206                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                    206                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                    207                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                    206                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                    206                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                    206                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                    206                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                    207                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                    207                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                    206                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                    206                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                    208                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                    206                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                    207                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples        84008                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    104.488334                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean    91.353005                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev    65.252864                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127        50895     60.58%     60.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255        28505     33.93%     94.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383         4005      4.77%     99.28% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511          465      0.55%     99.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639           76      0.09%     99.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767           24      0.03%     99.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895           22      0.03%     99.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           10      0.01%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151            6      0.01%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total        84008                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples          206                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean     648.014563                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean    619.321932                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    193.200148                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::192-255            2      0.97%      0.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::256-319            4      1.94%      2.91% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::320-383            8      3.88%      6.80% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::384-447           15      7.28%     14.08% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::448-511           20      9.71%     23.79% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::512-575           25     12.14%     35.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::576-639           35     16.99%     52.91% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::640-703           25     12.14%     65.05% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::704-767           22     10.68%     75.73% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::768-831           14      6.80%     82.52% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::832-895           16      7.77%     90.29% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::896-959            7      3.40%     93.69% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::960-1023            5      2.43%     96.12% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1087            3      1.46%     97.57% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1088-1151            3      1.46%     99.03% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1215            1      0.49%     99.51% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1408-1471            1      0.49%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total           206                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples          206                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      16.315534                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.299714                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.740765                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16              174     84.47%     84.47% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18               31     15.05%     99.51% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::19                1      0.49%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total           206                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                   3497961500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat              6006355250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                  668905000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     26146.92                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                44896.92                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       560.80                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                        14.09                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    562.59                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                     14.09                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         4.49                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     4.38                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.11                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.22                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      25.31                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                    50610                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                    2528                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 37.83                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                75.19                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                     110979.32                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    38.75                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                274554420                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                145940520                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy               432112800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy                6947820                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         1205923680.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy           1202985570                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             25132320                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy      5391543930                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy       283689120                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy     896640.000000                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy             8969726820                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            587.510620                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime          12563247750                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE     10644000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     510126000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF      1435250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    739315000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    2183093375                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  11822730500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                325234140                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                172869840                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy               523083540                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy               10596600                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         1205309040.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy           1402150410                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             25298400                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy      5297333760                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy       195691200                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy                0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy             9157566930                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            599.814012                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime          12127152625                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE     10122000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     509860000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    509859250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    2620187000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  11617315875                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups                4233724                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted          4233724                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect           261138                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups             3346733                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                 255675                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect             35978                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectLookups        3346733                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectHits           1606176                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectMisses         1740557                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu0.branchPredindirectMispredicted       118701                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                    2246798                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                     410364                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                       330424                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                         6475                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                    3141812                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                        15998                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                    2                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                        30534688                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles           3275070                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                      14182291                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                    4233724                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches           1861851                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                     26802043                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                 533136                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.TlbCycles                      2723                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.cpu0.fetch.MiscStallCycles                3676                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles       124207                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                  3125816                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes                52645                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.ItlbSquashes                     13                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples          30474287                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             0.941220                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            2.365535                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                25411421     83.39%     83.39% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                  100067      0.33%     83.71% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                 1220966      4.01%     87.72% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                  174768      0.57%     88.29% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                  348118      1.14%     89.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                  297861      0.98%     90.41% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                  253577      0.83%     91.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                  126593      0.42%     91.66% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                 2540916      8.34%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total            30474287                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.138653                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       0.464465                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                 2009905                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles             24482684                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                  3063900                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles               651230                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles                266568                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts              24627843                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles                266568                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                 2293507                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles               22461929                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles         58022                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                  3301940                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles              2092321                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts              23412184                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents               153351                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents               1589893                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LQFullEvents                360716                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu0.rename.SQFullEvents                  7426                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands           27760588                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups             62798035                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups        32867662                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.fp_rename_lookups           292680                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps             10384564                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                17376023                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts              1111                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts          1486                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                  3516978                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads             3570430                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores             570704                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads            27092                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores           24891                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                  21508665                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded              29036                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                 16355955                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued            38947                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       12938770                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     23388863                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         29034                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     30474287                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        0.536713                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       1.403786                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           25044952     82.18%     82.18% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1            1580663      5.19%     87.37% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2            1055255      3.46%     90.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3             783133      2.57%     93.40% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4             853347      2.80%     96.20% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5             472987      1.55%     97.76% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6             374370      1.23%     98.98% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7             185800      0.61%     99.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8             123780      0.41%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       30474287                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                  86479     76.27%     76.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     76.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     76.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                 9513      8.39%     84.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     84.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     84.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     84.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     84.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     84.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     84.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     84.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     84.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     84.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     84.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     84.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     84.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     84.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     84.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     84.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     84.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     84.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     84.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     84.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     84.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     84.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     84.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     84.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     84.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     84.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     84.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                 14601     12.88%     97.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                 1874      1.65%     99.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead              873      0.77%     99.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite              38      0.03%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            98064      0.60%      0.60% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu             13202178     80.72%     81.32% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                7978      0.05%     81.37% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                92024      0.56%     81.93% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd             116855      0.71%     82.64% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     82.64% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     82.64% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     82.64% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     82.64% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     82.64% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     82.64% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     82.64% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     82.64% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     82.64% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     82.64% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     82.64% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     82.64% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     82.64% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     82.64% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     82.64% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     82.64% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     82.64% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     82.64% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     82.64% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     82.64% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     82.64% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     82.64% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     82.64% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     82.64% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     82.64% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     82.64% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     82.64% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead             2378247     14.54%     97.18% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite             437593      2.68%     99.86% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead          22928      0.14%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite            88      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total              16355955                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          0.535652                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                     113378                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.006932                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads          63046954                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes         34250407                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     15380949                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads             291568                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            226080                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       130344                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses              16220974                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses                 150295                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads           41982                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2272559                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses         1280                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           30                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       290401                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          448                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked         1876                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles                266568                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles               18911906                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles               361573                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts           21537701                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts            16675                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts              3570430                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts              570704                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts             10401                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                 36299                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                87783                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents            30                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        122007                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       191973                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts              313980                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts             15882846                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts              2244394                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts           473109                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                     2654687                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                 1757272                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                    410293                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    0.520157                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                      15618199                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                     15511293                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                 11607574                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                 19220920                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      0.507989                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.603903                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts       12940443                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.commitNonSpecStalls              2                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts           266560                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     28553654                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.301150                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.118833                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     25508851     89.34%     89.34% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1184098      4.15%     93.48% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       388147      1.36%     94.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       756669      2.65%     97.49% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       198527      0.70%     98.19% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       145318      0.51%     98.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        46776      0.16%     98.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        34966      0.12%     98.98% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       290302      1.02%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     28553654                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts             4316312                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps               8598931                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                       1578174                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                      1297871                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                   1255165                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                    112046                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                  8485590                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls               49458                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass        33793      0.39%      0.39% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu         6807424     79.17%     79.56% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult           1978      0.02%     79.58% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv           81766      0.95%     80.53% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd         95796      1.11%     81.65% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     81.65% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     81.65% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     81.65% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     81.65% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     81.65% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     81.65% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     81.65% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     81.65% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     81.65% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     81.65% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     81.65% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     81.65% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     81.65% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     81.65% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     81.65% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     81.65% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     81.65% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     81.65% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     81.65% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     81.65% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     81.65% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     81.65% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     81.65% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     81.65% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     81.65% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     81.65% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     81.65% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead        1281621     14.90%     96.55% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite        280303      3.26%     99.81% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead        16250      0.19%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::total          8598931                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events               290302                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                    49802726                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                   45010942                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                            695                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                          60401                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.committedInsts                    4316312                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                      8598931                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                              7.074254                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                        7.074254                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              0.141358                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        0.141358                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads                18649637                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes               13432469                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads                   228072                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_writes                  114054                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_reads                  9181395                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_writes                 4569328                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads                7444708                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements           464921                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs            3394065                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           464921                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs             7.300305                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data         1024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          583                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          419                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            5                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         10300585                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses        10300585                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data      1351817                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        1351817                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data       277393                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        277393                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data      1629210                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total         1629210                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data      1629210                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total        1629210                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data       826796                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       826796                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data         2910                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         2910                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data       829706                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total        829706                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data       829706                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total       829706                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  32173659500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  32173659500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    272200000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    272200000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  32445859500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  32445859500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  32445859500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  32445859500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data      2178613                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      2178613                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data       280303                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       280303                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data      2458916                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total      2458916                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data      2458916                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total      2458916                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.379506                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.379506                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.010382                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.010382                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.337428                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.337428                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.337428                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.337428                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 38913.661290                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 38913.661290                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 93539.518900                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 93539.518900                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 39105.248727                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 39105.248727                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 39105.248727                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 39105.248727                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        49911                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs             1774                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    28.134724                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        12341                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total            12341                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       364750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       364750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data           35                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           35                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       364785                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       364785                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       364785                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       364785                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       462046                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       462046                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         2875                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         2875                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       464921                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       464921                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       464921                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       464921                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16908476500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  16908476500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    266022000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    266022000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  17174498500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  17174498500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  17174498500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  17174498500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.212083                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.212083                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.010257                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.010257                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.189076                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.189076                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.189076                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.189076                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 36594.790346                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 36594.790346                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 92529.391304                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 92529.391304                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 36940.681320                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 36940.681320                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 36940.681320                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 36940.681320                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements               10                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse                1021                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs               3422                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs               10                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs           342.200000                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst         1021                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.997070                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.997070                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1021                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            5                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         1014                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.997070                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses         12503274                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses        12503274                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst      3125806                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        3125806                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst      3125806                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total         3125806                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst      3125806                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total        3125806                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst           10                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           10                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu0.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total            10                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu0.inst           10                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total           10                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       916500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total       916500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       916500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total       916500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       916500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total       916500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst      3125816                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      3125816                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst      3125816                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total      3125816                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst      3125816                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total      3125816                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000003                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000003                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000003                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        91650                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total        91650                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        91650                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total        91650                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        91650                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total        91650                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::writebacks           10                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total               10                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst           10                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           10                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       906500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       906500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       906500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total       906500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       906500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total       906500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        90650                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        90650                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        90650                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        90650                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        90650                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        90650                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu1.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                    134270                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                        16384                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                      824901                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                    134270                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      6.143599                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks        7.201582                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst         0.408971                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     16376.389448                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.000440                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst        0.000025                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.999535                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total                   1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           35                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          863                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         7402                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         8050                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           34                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                   7572798                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                  7572798                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks        12341                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total            12341                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks           10                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total               10                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data               146                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                   146                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu0.inst              1                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total                  1                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data        330577                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total            330577                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.inst                    1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data               330723                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                   330724                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.inst                   1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data              330723                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                  330724                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data            2730                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                2730                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu0.inst            9                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total                9                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data       131468                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total          131468                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.inst                  9                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data             134198                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 134207                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.inst                 9                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data            134198                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                134207                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    260325000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     260325000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       880500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total       880500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  12652430000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total  12652430000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       880500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  12912755000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      12913635500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       880500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  12912755000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     12913635500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks        12341                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        12341                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks           10                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total           10                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data          2876                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total              2876                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu0.inst           10                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total             10                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data       462045                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        462045                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst               10                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data           464921                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               464931                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst              10                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data          464921                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              464931                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.949235                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.949235                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.900000                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.900000                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.284535                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.284535                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst        0.900000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.288647                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.288660                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst       0.900000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.288647                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.288660                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 95357.142857                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 95357.142857                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 97833.333333                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 97833.333333                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 96239.617245                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 96239.617245                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 97833.333333                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 96221.665002                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 96221.773082                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 97833.333333                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 96221.665002                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 96221.773082                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                 3362                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                      3362                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks          101                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total           101                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         2730                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           2730                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            9                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total            9                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       131468                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total       131468                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst             9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        134198                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            134207                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            9                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       134198                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           134207                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    233025000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    233025000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       790500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       790500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  11337750000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  11337750000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       790500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  11570775000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  11571565500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       790500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  11570775000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  11571565500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.949235                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.949235                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.900000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.900000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.284535                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.284535                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.900000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.288647                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.288660                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.900000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.288647                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.288660                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 85357.142857                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 85357.142857                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 87833.333333                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 87833.333333                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 86239.617245                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 86239.617245                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 87833.333333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 86221.665002                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 86221.773082                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 87833.333333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 86221.665002                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 86221.773082                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        268415                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       134214                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             131477                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         3362                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict           130846                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq              2730                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp             2730                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        131477                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       402622                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total       402622                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 402622                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port      8804416                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total      8804416                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 8804416                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            134207                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                  134207    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              134207                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer4.occupancy           322952500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer4.utilization               2.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy          733654250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              4.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       929862                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       464931                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests           77                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops            163                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops          141                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops           22                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp            462055                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        15703                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean           10                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict          583488                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             2876                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp            2876                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq            10                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       462045                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side           30                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      1394763                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total               1394793                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         1280                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     30544768                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total               30546048                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                          134270                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                    215168                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples           599201                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.000437                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.022594                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                 598961     99.96%     99.96% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                    218      0.04%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                     22      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total             599201                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy          477282000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              3.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy             15000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy         697381500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             4.6                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
