
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.015267                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 15267344125                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               3480954460500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                               62435441                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                115659157                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              171500710                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1248976                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                    89.02                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  5558128724                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   10296213070                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data       12152064                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total           12152064                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks        47616                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total           47616                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data          189876                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total              189876                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks           744                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total                744                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data         795951405                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             795951405                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks         3118814                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total              3118814                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks         3118814                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data        795951405                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            799070218                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                      189877                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                        744                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                    189877                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                      744                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM               12145088                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                    7040                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                   47104                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                12152128                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys                47616                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                    110                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     1                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0             11763                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1             11752                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2             11473                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3             11502                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4             11748                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5             11827                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6             11575                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7             11569                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8             11441                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9             11466                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10            11603                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11            12268                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12            13019                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13            12704                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14            12150                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15            11907                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4                45                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11                7                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12              317                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13              128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14              128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15              111                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   15267394000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                189877                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                  744                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                  143879                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                   42799                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                    3033                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                      56                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                     45                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                     46                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                     46                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                     46                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                     46                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                     46                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                     46                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                     47                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                     47                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                     47                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                     47                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                     47                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                     47                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                     47                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                     46                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                     47                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples        97632                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    124.883645                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   107.303830                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev    76.005947                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127        44679     45.76%     45.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255        42824     43.86%     89.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383         8744      8.96%     98.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1234      1.26%     99.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639          107      0.11%     99.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767           16      0.02%     99.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895            8      0.01%     99.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023            7      0.01%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           13      0.01%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total        97632                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples           46                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean    4029.891304                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean   3922.590711                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    928.932774                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2048-2303            1      2.17%      2.17% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2304-2559            1      2.17%      4.35% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2560-2815            2      4.35%      8.70% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2816-3071            5     10.87%     19.57% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::3072-3327            3      6.52%     26.09% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::3328-3583            2      4.35%     30.43% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::3584-3839            6     13.04%     43.48% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::3840-4095            6     13.04%     56.52% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4096-4351            2      4.35%     60.87% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4352-4607            3      6.52%     67.39% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4608-4863            7     15.22%     82.61% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4864-5119            2      4.35%     86.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::5120-5375            3      6.52%     93.48% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::5376-5631            1      2.17%     95.65% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::5888-6143            1      2.17%     97.83% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::6144-6399            1      2.17%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total            46                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples           46                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean             16                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.000000                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16               46    100.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total            46                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                   4687138250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat              8245269500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                  948835000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     24699.44                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                43449.44                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       795.49                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                         3.09                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    795.96                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                      3.12                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         6.24                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     6.21                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.31                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      25.67                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                    92231                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                     639                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 48.60                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                86.00                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                      80092.93                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    48.75                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                341691840                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                181613520                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy               665512260                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy                 234900                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         1205309040.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy           1582947570                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             24559200                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy      5214361140                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy       114051360                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy                0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy             9330280830                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            611.126647                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime          11732206625                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE      9654000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     509860000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    297187500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    3015230250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  11435412375                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                355407780                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                188899920                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy               689424120                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy                3607020                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         1204694400.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy           1634275500                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             24139680                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy      5188199280                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy        93278400                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy                0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy             9381926100                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            614.509375                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime          11620146625                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE      9462000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     509600000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    243231250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    3128135500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  11376915375                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups                1762267                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted          1762267                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect            83190                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups             1356069                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                  66390                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect             10685                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectLookups        1356069                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectHits            729625                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectMisses          626444                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu0.branchPredindirectMispredicted        28999                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                     862868                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                      92337                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                       164355                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                         1458                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                    1427668                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                         6241                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                    0                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                        30534689                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles           1466841                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                       5374562                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                    1762267                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches            796015                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                     28857858                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                 170526                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.TlbCycles                      3087                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.cpu0.fetch.MiscStallCycles                1538                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles        54325                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                  1421427                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes                11325                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.ItlbSquashes                     11                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples          30468912                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             0.355483                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            1.503927                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                28430205     93.31%     93.31% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                   28305      0.09%     93.40% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                  665603      2.18%     95.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                   42561      0.14%     95.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                  144690      0.47%     96.20% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                   86926      0.29%     96.49% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                   99314      0.33%     96.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                   35748      0.12%     96.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                  935560      3.07%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total            30468912                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.057714                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       0.176015                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                  765296                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles             28252693                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                  1030793                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles               334867                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles                 85263                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts               8960916                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles                 85263                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                  874425                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles               26849486                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles         18085                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                  1176480                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles              1465173                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts               8568882                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents                98763                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents               1071028                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LQFullEvents                348898                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu0.rename.SQFullEvents                  2747                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands           10193354                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups             23543237                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups        11495281                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.fp_rename_lookups            61427                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps              3677170                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                 6516196                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts               298                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts           371                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                  2081307                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads             1467158                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores             132916                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads             6000                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores            7274                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                   8066453                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded               6883                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                  5892952                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued             8315                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined        5009980                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      9956633                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          6883                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     30468912                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        0.193409                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       0.820433                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           28160896     92.43%     92.43% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1             870514      2.86%     95.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2             479709      1.57%     96.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3             328670      1.08%     97.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4             337239      1.11%     99.04% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5             121279      0.40%     99.44% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6             101247      0.33%     99.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7              40687      0.13%     99.91% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8              28671      0.09%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       30468912                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                  18084     72.40%     72.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     72.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     72.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                 1918      7.68%     80.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     80.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     80.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     80.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     80.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     80.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     80.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     80.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     80.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     80.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     80.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     80.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     80.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     80.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     80.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     80.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     80.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     80.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     80.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     80.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     80.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     80.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     80.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     80.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     80.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     80.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     80.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                  4324     17.31%     97.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                  449      1.80%     99.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead              163      0.65%     99.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite              39      0.16%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            25453      0.43%      0.43% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu              4820340     81.80%     82.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                2307      0.04%     82.27% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                17908      0.30%     82.57% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd              23943      0.41%     82.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     82.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     82.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     82.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     82.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     82.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     82.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     82.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     82.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     82.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     82.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     82.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     82.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     82.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     82.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     82.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     82.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     82.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     82.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     82.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     82.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     82.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     82.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     82.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     82.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     82.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     82.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     82.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead              899267     15.26%     98.24% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite              99184      1.68%     99.92% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead           4426      0.08%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite           124      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total               5892952                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          0.192992                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                      24977                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.004238                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads          42228635                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes         13034796                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      5625947                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads              59470                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes             48526                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses        26305                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses               5861858                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses                  30618                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads            9405                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       924888                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          279                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           11                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        79623                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           85                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked         1194                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles                 85263                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles               24510734                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles               301401                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts            8073336                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts             5750                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts              1467158                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts              132916                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts              2481                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                 19037                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                96148                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents            11                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         44995                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        51407                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts               96402                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts              5773397                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts               862326                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts           119552                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                      954641                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                  675791                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                     92315                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    0.189077                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                       5677602                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                      5652252                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                  4153627                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                  6669859                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      0.185109                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.622746                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts        5011042                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts            85258                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     29748714                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.102975                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     0.616390                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     28494646     95.78%     95.78% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       554741      1.86%     97.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       143731      0.48%     98.13% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       358978      1.21%     99.34% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        70197      0.24%     99.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        40501      0.14%     99.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         9632      0.03%     99.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         7149      0.02%     99.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        69139      0.23%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     29748714                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts             1534033                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps               3063377                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                        595568                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                       542275                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                    519505                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                     21362                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                  3041858                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls                9400                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass         6377      0.21%      0.21% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu         2427448     79.24%     79.45% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult            376      0.01%     79.46% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv           15356      0.50%     79.96% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd         18252      0.60%     80.56% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead         539165     17.60%     98.16% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite         53293      1.74%     99.90% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead         3110      0.10%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::total          3063377                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events                69139                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                    37753994                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                   16871440                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                            498                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                          65777                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.committedInsts                    1534033                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                      3063377                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                             19.904845                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                       19.904845                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              0.050239                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        0.050239                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads                 6104207                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes                4898406                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads                    46216                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_writes                   23051                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_reads                  3526722                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_writes                 1581965                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads                2933120                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements           256463                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs             449966                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           256463                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs             1.754506                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data         1024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          140                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          799                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           85                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          3855403                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses         3855403                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data       390316                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         390316                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data        52231                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         52231                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data       442547                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total          442547                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data       442547                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total         442547                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data       456126                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       456126                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data         1062                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         1062                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data       457188                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total        457188                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data       457188                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total       457188                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  34561815000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  34561815000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     62878999                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     62878999                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  34624693999                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  34624693999                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  34624693999                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  34624693999                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data       846442                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       846442                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data        53293                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        53293                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data       899735                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total       899735                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data       899735                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total       899735                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.538874                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.538874                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.019928                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.019928                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.508136                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.508136                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.508136                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.508136                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 75772.516805                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 75772.516805                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 59208.096987                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 59208.096987                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 75734.039386                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 75734.039386                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 75734.039386                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 75734.039386                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        27119                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs              962                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    28.190229                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         2412                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total             2412                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       200714                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       200714                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data           11                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       200725                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       200725                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       200725                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       200725                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       255412                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       255412                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         1051                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         1051                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       256463                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       256463                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       256463                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       256463                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19096354500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  19096354500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     60737999                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     60737999                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19157092499                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  19157092499                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19157092499                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  19157092499                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.301748                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.301748                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.019721                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.019721                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.285043                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.285043                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.285043                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.285043                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 74766.864908                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 74766.864908                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 57790.674596                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57790.674596                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 74697.295512                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 74697.295512                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 74697.295512                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 74697.295512                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse                1021                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst         1021                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.997070                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.997070                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1021                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         1021                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.997070                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses          5685708                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses         5685708                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst      1421427                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        1421427                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst      1421427                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total         1421427                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst      1421427                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total        1421427                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst      1421427                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1421427                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst      1421427                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total      1421427                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst      1421427                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total      1421427                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu1.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                    189896                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                        16384                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                      321621                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                    189896                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      1.693669                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks       12.621616                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst         0.025173                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     16371.353211                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.000770                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst        0.000002                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.999228                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total                   1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          126                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1         1168                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2        10241                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         4827                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           22                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                   4291520                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                  4291520                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         2412                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total             2412                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data               536                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                   536                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data         66050                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total             66050                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data                66586                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                    66586                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data               66586                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                   66586                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data             515                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                 515                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data       189362                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total          189362                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data             189877                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 189877                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data            189877                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                189877                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     53296500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      53296500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  17987275500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total  17987275500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18040572000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      18040572000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18040572000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     18040572000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         2412                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         2412                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data          1051                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total              1051                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data       255412                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        255412                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data           256463                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               256463                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data          256463                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              256463                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.490010                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.490010                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.741398                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.741398                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.740368                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.740368                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.740368                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.740368                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 103488.349515                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 103488.349515                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94988.833557                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 94988.833557                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 95011.886642                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 95011.886642                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 95011.886642                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 95011.886642                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                  744                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                       744                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks            8                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total             8                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          515                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            515                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       189362                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total       189362                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        189877                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            189877                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       189877                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           189877                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     48146500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     48146500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16093655500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  16093655500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16141802000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  16141802000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16141802000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  16141802000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.490010                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.490010                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.741398                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.741398                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.740368                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.740368                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.740368                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.740368                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 93488.349515                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 93488.349515                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84988.833557                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84988.833557                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 85011.886642                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 85011.886642                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 85011.886642                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 85011.886642                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        379750                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       189877                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             189361                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          744                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict           189129                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq               515                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp              515                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        189362                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       569626                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total       569626                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 569626                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     12199680                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total     12199680                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                12199680                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            189877                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                  189877    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              189877                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer4.occupancy           447817000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer4.utilization               2.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         1027690750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              6.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       512926                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       256462                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests          432                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops             31                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops           26                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            5                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp            255412                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         3156                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict          443203                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             1051                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp            1051                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       255412                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       769389                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                769389                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     16568000                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total               16568000                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                          189896                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                     47616                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples           446359                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.001046                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.032673                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                 445897     99.90%     99.90% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                    457      0.10%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      5      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total             446359                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy          258875000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              1.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy         384694500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             2.5                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
