
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.015267                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 15267344125                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               9175673819125                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                               80930382                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                150805544                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              205536971                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1248976                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                    74.28                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  6011528424                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   11201875531                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.inst             64                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data       12378176                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total           12378240                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst           64                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total            64                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks        19520                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total           19520                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.inst               1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data          193409                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total              193410                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks           305                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total                305                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.inst              4192                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data         810761577                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             810765769                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst         4192                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total             4192                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks         1278546                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total              1278546                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks         1278546                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.inst             4192                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data        810761577                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            812044315                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                      193411                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                        305                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                    193411                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                      305                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM               12375680                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                    2624                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                   18432                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                12378304                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys                19520                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                     41                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     6                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0             12167                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1             11914                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2             11879                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3             12031                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4             12295                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5             12165                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6             12166                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7             11962                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8             11989                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9             11973                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10            12061                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11            12074                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12            12451                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13            12085                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14            12123                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15            12035                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3                 7                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10               29                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11              123                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12              129                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   15267380500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                193411                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                  305                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                  150110                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                   41582                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                    1663                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                      15                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                     17                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                     19                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                     19                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                     19                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                     19                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                     19                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                     19                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                     19                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                     19                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                     19                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                     19                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                     19                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                     18                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                     19                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                     18                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                     18                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples        97714                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    126.849213                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   109.258775                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev    75.256947                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127        42920     43.92%     43.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255        44348     45.39%     89.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383         9126      9.34%     98.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1201      1.23%     99.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639           99      0.10%     99.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767            3      0.00%     99.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895            6      0.01%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023            5      0.01%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151            6      0.01%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total        97714                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples           18                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean   10614.777778                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean  10433.248285                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev   1934.537414                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::6144-6655            1      5.56%      5.56% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::7680-8191            1      5.56%     11.11% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::8704-9215            3     16.67%     27.78% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::9216-9727            2     11.11%     38.89% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::9728-10239            1      5.56%     44.44% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::10240-10751            1      5.56%     50.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::11264-11775            2     11.11%     61.11% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::11776-12287            4     22.22%     83.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::12288-12799            1      5.56%     88.89% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::12800-13311            1      5.56%     94.44% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::13312-13823            1      5.56%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total            18                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples           18                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean             16                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.000000                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16               18    100.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total            18                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                   4694542750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat              8320230250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                  966850000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     24277.51                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                43027.51                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       810.60                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                         1.21                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    810.77                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                      1.28                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         6.34                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     6.33                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.29                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      25.39                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                    95690                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                     257                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 49.49                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                85.95                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                      78813.21                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    49.54                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                348339180                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                185146665                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy               689574060                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy                  36540                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         1205309040.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy           1635393840                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             24448320                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy      5102700990                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy       164027040                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy                0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy             9354975675                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            612.744142                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime          11617521500                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE      9462000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     509860000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    426894500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    3130500625                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  11190627000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                349317360                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                185677965                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy               691087740                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy                1466820                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         1205309040.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy           1638197100                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             24560160                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy      5094125910                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy       168775680                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy                0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy             9358517775                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            612.976147                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime          11610587000                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE      9654000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     509860000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    439741750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    3136559750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  11171528625                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups                 930189                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted           930189                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect            29747                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups              648034                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                  20655                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect              3161                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectLookups         648034                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectHits            419565                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectMisses          228469                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu0.branchPredindirectMispredicted         8863                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                     519937                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                      32173                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                       138602                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                          457                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                     823271                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                         1803                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                    0                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                        30534688                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles            836193                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                       2660994                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                     930189                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches            440220                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                     29619573                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                  60682                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.TlbCycles                       811                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.cpu0.fetch.MiscStallCycles                 384                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles        18841                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                   821468                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes                 2963                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.ItlbSquashes                      4                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples          30506143                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             0.174896                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            1.047261                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                29421982     96.45%     96.45% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                    8453      0.03%     96.47% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                  434824      1.43%     97.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                   15505      0.05%     97.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                   86273      0.28%     98.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                   30492      0.10%     98.33% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                   72461      0.24%     98.57% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                   10761      0.04%     98.61% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                  425392      1.39%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total            30506143                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.030463                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       0.087147                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                  360038                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles             29439949                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                   418897                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles               256918                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles                 30341                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts               4545059                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles                 30341                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                  429526                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles               28391636                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles          6867                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                   541487                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles              1106286                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts               4401223                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents                36570                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents                962408                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LQFullEvents                 83406                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu0.rename.SQFullEvents                  1340                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands            5271787                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups             12353588                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups         5706153                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.fp_rename_lookups            24841                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps              2606236                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                 2665556                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts               163                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts           185                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                  1707561                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads              798136                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores              43668                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads             3138                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores            2684                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                   4239165                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded               2246                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                  3275123                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued             3863                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined        2077207                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4413953                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          2246                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     30506143                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        0.107359                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       0.569256                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           28984010     95.01%     95.01% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1             701631      2.30%     97.31% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2             340316      1.12%     98.43% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3             228414      0.75%     99.17% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4             148265      0.49%     99.66% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5              41393      0.14%     99.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6              37996      0.12%     99.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7              13327      0.04%     99.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8              10791      0.04%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       30506143                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                   6912     69.66%     69.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     69.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     69.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                  678      6.83%     76.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     76.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     76.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     76.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     76.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     76.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     76.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     76.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     76.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     76.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     76.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     76.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     76.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     76.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     76.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     76.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     76.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     76.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     76.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     76.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     76.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     76.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     76.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     76.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     76.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     76.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     76.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     76.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                  2109     21.25%     97.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                  119      1.20%     98.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead              104      1.05%     99.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               1      0.01%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass             7922      0.24%      0.24% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu              2682828     81.92%     82.16% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                 559      0.02%     82.17% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                 6727      0.21%     82.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd               9260      0.28%     82.66% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     82.66% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     82.66% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     82.66% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     82.66% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     82.66% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     82.66% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     82.66% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     82.66% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     82.66% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     82.66% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     82.66% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     82.66% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     82.66% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     82.66% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     82.66% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     82.66% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     82.66% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     82.66% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     82.66% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     82.66% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     82.66% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     82.66% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     82.66% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     82.66% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     82.66% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     82.66% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     82.66% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead              531799     16.24%     98.90% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite              34103      1.04%     99.94% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead           1921      0.06%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             4      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total               3275123                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          0.107259                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                       9923                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.003030                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads          37046918                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes          6297956                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      3182450                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads              23257                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes             20662                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses        10164                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses               3265155                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses                  11969                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads            3598                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       391217                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           67                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        24320                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           29                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked         1542                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles                 30341                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles               27100432                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles               227501                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts            4241411                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts             1697                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts               798136                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts               43668                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts               846                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                  7802                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                24085                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         17932                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        15785                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts               33717                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts              3238896                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts               519788                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts            36227                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                      551954                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                  449042                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                     32166                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    0.106073                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                       3199640                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                      3192614                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                  2188451                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                  3729478                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      0.104557                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.586798                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts        2077373                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts            30341                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     30218733                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.071618                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     0.474623                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     29230369     96.73%     96.73% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       456222      1.51%     98.24% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       123956      0.41%     98.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       324471      1.07%     99.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        30722      0.10%     99.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        17281      0.06%     99.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         2878      0.01%     99.89% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         2572      0.01%     99.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        30262      0.10%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     30218733                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts             1084567                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps               2164208                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                        426269                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                       406921                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                    395036                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                      8068                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                  2156150                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls                3425                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass         2446      0.11%      0.11% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu         1722431     79.59%     79.70% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult            137      0.01%     79.71% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv            6085      0.28%     79.99% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd          6840      0.32%     80.30% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     80.30% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     80.30% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     80.30% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.30% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     80.30% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     80.30% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     80.30% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     80.30% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     80.30% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     80.30% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     80.30% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     80.30% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     80.30% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     80.30% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.30% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     80.30% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     80.30% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     80.30% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     80.30% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     80.30% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     80.30% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     80.30% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     80.30% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     80.30% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     80.30% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.30% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     80.30% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead         405693     18.75%     99.05% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite         19348      0.89%     99.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead         1228      0.06%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::total          2164208                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events                30262                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                    34430052                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                    8771239                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                            220                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                          28545                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.committedInsts                    1084567                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                      2164208                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                             28.153805                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                       28.153805                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              0.035519                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        0.035519                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads                 3451165                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes                2715869                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads                    17869                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_writes                    8940                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_reads                  2433050                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_writes                  993747                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads                1742049                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements           224650                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs             151067                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           224650                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs             0.672455                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data         1024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          139                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          853                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           32                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          2354622                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses         2354622                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data       132691                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         132691                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data        18570                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         18570                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data       151261                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total          151261                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data       151261                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total         151261                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data       380454                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       380454                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data          778                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          778                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data       381232                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total        381232                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data       381232                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total       381232                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  32427284500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  32427284500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     28027990                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     28027990                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  32455312490                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  32455312490                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  32455312490                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  32455312490                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data       513145                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       513145                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data        19348                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        19348                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data       532493                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total       532493                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data       532493                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total       532493                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.741416                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.741416                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.040211                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.040211                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.715938                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.715938                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.715938                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.715938                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 85233.128052                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 85233.128052                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 36025.694087                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 36025.694087                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 85132.707879                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 85132.707879                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 85132.707879                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 85132.707879                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        12951                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs              811                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    15.969174                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         2096                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total             2096                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       156578                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       156578                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data            4                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            4                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       156582                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       156582                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       156582                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       156582                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       223876                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       223876                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          774                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          774                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       224650                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       224650                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       224650                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       224650                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18974642500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  18974642500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     26950490                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     26950490                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19001592990                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  19001592990                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19001592990                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  19001592990                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.436282                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.436282                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.040004                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.040004                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.421883                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.421883                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.421883                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.421883                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84755.143472                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84755.143472                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 34819.754522                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 34819.754522                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84583.098108                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84583.098108                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84583.098108                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84583.098108                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements                1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse                1020                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs                 14                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs                1                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs                   14                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst         1020                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.996094                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.996094                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1020                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         1019                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.996094                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses          3285873                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses         3285873                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst       821467                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         821467                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst       821467                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total          821467                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst       821467                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total         821467                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total            1                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu0.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total             1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu0.inst            1                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total            1                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       100500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total       100500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       100500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total       100500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       100500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total       100500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst       821468                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       821468                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst       821468                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total       821468                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst       821468                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total       821468                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000001                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000001                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000001                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       100500                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total       100500                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       100500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total       100500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       100500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total       100500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::writebacks            1                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total                1                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            1                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        99500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        99500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        99500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total        99500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        99500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total        99500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        99500                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        99500                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        99500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        99500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        99500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        99500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu1.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                    193411                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                        16384                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                      242127                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                    193411                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      1.251878                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks       13.094885                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst         0.051392                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     16370.853723                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.000799                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst        0.000003                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.999198                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total                   1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          131                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1         1101                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         9537                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         5584                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           31                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                   3785267                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                  3785267                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         2096                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total             2096                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks            1                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total                1                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data               588                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                   588                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data         30652                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total             30652                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data                31240                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                    31240                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data               31240                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                   31240                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data             186                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                 186                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu0.inst            1                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total                1                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data       193224                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total          193224                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.inst                  1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data             193410                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 193411                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.inst                 1                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data            193410                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                193411                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     19321000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      19321000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        98000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total        98000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18290451000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total  18290451000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        98000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18309772000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      18309870000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        98000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18309772000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     18309870000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         2096                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         2096                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks            1                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total            1                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data           774                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total               774                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu0.inst            1                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total              1                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data       223876                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        223876                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst                1                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data           224650                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               224651                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst               1                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data          224650                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              224651                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.240310                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.240310                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.863085                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.863085                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.860939                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.860940                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.860939                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.860940                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 103876.344086                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 103876.344086                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        98000                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total        98000                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94659.312508                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 94659.312508                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        98000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94668.176413                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 94668.193639                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        98000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94668.176413                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 94668.193639                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                  305                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                       305                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          186                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            186                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            1                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       193224                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total       193224                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst             1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        193410                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            193411                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            1                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       193410                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           193411                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     17461000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     17461000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        88000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        88000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16358221000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  16358221000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        88000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16375682000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  16375770000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        88000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16375682000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  16375770000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.240310                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.240310                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.863085                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.863085                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.860939                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.860940                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.860939                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.860940                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 93876.344086                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 93876.344086                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        88000                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        88000                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84659.364261                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84659.364261                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        88000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84668.228116                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84668.245343                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        88000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84668.228116                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84668.245343                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        386818                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       193412                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             193224                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          305                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict           193102                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq               186                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp              186                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        193225                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       580228                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total       580228                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 580228                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     12397760                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total     12397760                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                12397760                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            193411                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                  193411    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              193411                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer4.occupancy           459796500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer4.utilization               3.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         1046012250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              6.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       449302                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       224650                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests          555                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops              5                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            5                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp            223877                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         2401                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean            1                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict          415660                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq              774                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp             774                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq             1                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       223876                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side            3                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       673950                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                673953                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side          128                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     14511744                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total               14511872                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                          193411                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                     19520                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples           418062                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.001337                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.036542                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                 417503     99.87%     99.87% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                    559      0.13%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total             418062                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy          226748000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              1.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy              1500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy         336975000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             2.2                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
