
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.015267                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 15267344125                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               3267211642750                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                               67671100                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                125319629                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              186615132                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1248976                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                    81.81                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  5536300813                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   10252638633                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.inst            192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data       12086656                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total           12086848                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst          192                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total           192                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks        53312                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total           53312                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.inst               3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data          188854                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total              188857                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks           833                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total                833                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.inst             12576                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data         791667228                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             791679804                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst        12576                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total            12576                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks         3491897                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total              3491897                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks         3491897                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.inst            12576                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data        791667228                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            795171701                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                      188855                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                        833                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                    188855                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                      833                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM               12079808                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                    6912                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                   53504                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                12086720                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys                53312                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                    108                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0             12117                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1             11662                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2             11542                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3             11909                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4             11597                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5             11693                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6             11838                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7             11735                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8             11176                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9             11286                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10            11161                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11            11463                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12            12483                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13            12367                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14            12631                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15            12087                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4                 1                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5                64                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6               128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7               128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8               128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9                78                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12              258                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15               51                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   15267323500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                188855                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                  833                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                  143424                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                   42374                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                    2898                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                      50                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                     52                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                     52                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                     52                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                     52                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                     52                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                     52                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                     52                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                     52                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                     52                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                     52                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                     52                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                     52                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                     51                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                     51                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                     51                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                     52                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples        97733                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    124.150819                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   106.662940                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev    76.068098                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127        45264     46.31%     46.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255        42533     43.52%     89.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383         8632      8.83%     98.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1138      1.16%     99.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639          113      0.12%     99.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767           18      0.02%     99.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895            4      0.00%     99.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           10      0.01%     99.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           21      0.02%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total        97733                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples           52                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean    3644.557692                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean   3561.524702                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    760.308565                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1792-2047            1      1.92%      1.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2048-2303            2      3.85%      5.77% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2304-2559            2      3.85%      9.62% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2560-2815            2      3.85%     13.46% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2816-3071            6     11.54%     25.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::3072-3327            4      7.69%     32.69% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::3328-3583            6     11.54%     44.23% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::3584-3839            8     15.38%     59.62% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::3840-4095            7     13.46%     73.08% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4096-4351            5      9.62%     82.69% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4352-4607            3      5.77%     88.46% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4608-4863            5      9.62%     98.08% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::5120-5375            1      1.92%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total            52                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples           52                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      16.076923                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.072646                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.388368                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16               50     96.15%     96.15% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18                2      3.85%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total            52                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                   4673228750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat              8212235000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                  943735000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     24759.22                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                43509.22                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       791.22                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                         3.50                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    791.67                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                      3.49                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         6.21                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     6.18                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.03                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.31                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      25.73                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                    91121                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                     732                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 48.28                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                87.88                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                      80486.50                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    48.45                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                346804080                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                184338330                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy               671824020                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy                1675620                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         1205309040.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy           1597549260                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             24568320                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy      5208416610                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy       106752480                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy                0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy             9347237760                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            612.237314                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime          11699678875                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE      9622250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     509860000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    278172000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    3047568500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  11422121375                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                350988120                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                186558405                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy               675843840                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy                2688300                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         1205309040.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy           1618169580                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             24114240                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy      5199017880                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy        97756800                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy                0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy             9360446205                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            613.102458                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime          11655249000                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE      9534000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     509860000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    254904500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    3092678625                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  11400367000                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups                1780635                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted          1780635                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect            83141                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups             1332323                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                  69030                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect             10259                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectLookups        1332323                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectHits            740522                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectMisses          591801                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu0.branchPredindirectMispredicted        28629                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                     880635                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                      95934                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                       164443                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                         1438                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                    1438607                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                         5318                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                    1                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                        30534688                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles           1478769                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                       5447867                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                    1780635                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches            809552                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                     28874886                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                 169954                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.TlbCycles                      2082                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.cpu0.fetch.MiscStallCycles                1274                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles        44662                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                  1433289                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes                11370                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.ItlbSquashes                     11                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples          30486650                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             0.360573                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            1.513955                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                28424318     93.24%     93.24% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                   23836      0.08%     93.31% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                  668043      2.19%     95.50% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                   43735      0.14%     95.65% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                  144535      0.47%     96.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                   97656      0.32%     96.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                  101983      0.33%     96.78% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                   37129      0.12%     96.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                  945415      3.10%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total            30486650                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.058315                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       0.178416                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                  765462                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles             28253950                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                  1046642                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles               335619                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles                 84977                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts               9098213                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles                 84977                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                  875432                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles               26856957                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles         19088                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                  1191819                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles              1458377                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts               8699166                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents               109144                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents               1061441                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LQFullEvents                347112                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu0.rename.SQFullEvents                  1334                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands           10361339                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups             23914125                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups        11708290                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.fp_rename_lookups            72787                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps              3789767                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                 6571571                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts               277                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts           354                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                  2090519                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads             1487642                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores             134041                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads             7202                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores            7216                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                   8195553                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded               6670                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                  6019280                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued             8836                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined        5045462                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      9969761                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          6669                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     30486650                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        0.197440                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       0.833549                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           28160897     92.37%     92.37% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1             856887      2.81%     95.18% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2             487402      1.60%     96.78% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3             333004      1.09%     97.87% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4             338637      1.11%     98.98% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5             129183      0.42%     99.41% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6             106753      0.35%     99.76% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7              43500      0.14%     99.90% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8              30387      0.10%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       30486650                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                  19537     70.91%     70.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     70.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     70.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                 2176      7.90%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     78.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                  5116     18.57%     97.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                  421      1.53%     98.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead              283      1.03%     99.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite              18      0.07%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            24570      0.41%      0.41% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu              4919410     81.73%     82.14% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                2024      0.03%     82.17% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                19916      0.33%     82.50% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd              27110      0.45%     82.95% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     82.95% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     82.95% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     82.95% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     82.95% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     82.95% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     82.95% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     82.95% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     82.95% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     82.95% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     82.95% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     82.95% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     82.95% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     82.95% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     82.95% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     82.95% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     82.95% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     82.95% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     82.95% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     82.95% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     82.95% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     82.95% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     82.95% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     82.95% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     82.95% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     82.95% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     82.95% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     82.95% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead              918035     15.25%     98.20% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite             102391      1.70%     99.90% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead           5777      0.10%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite            47      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total               6019280                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          0.197129                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                      27551                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.004577                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads          42492848                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes         13188176                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      5745675                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads              68749                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes             59518                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses        29714                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses               5986849                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses                  35412                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads           10323                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       935004                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          250                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           12                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        73892                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          109                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked         1078                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles                 84977                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles               24466014                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles               290421                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts            8202223                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts             5339                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts              1487642                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts              134041                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts              2416                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                 17259                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                87060                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents            12                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         45699                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        50314                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts               96013                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts              5897666                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts               880146                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts           121614                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                      976060                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                  689407                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                     95914                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    0.193146                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                       5800499                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                      5775389                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                  4250346                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                  6873214                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      0.189142                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.618393                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts        5046477                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.commitNonSpecStalls              1                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts            84972                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     29761559                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.106068                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     0.631189                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     28486103     95.71%     95.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       559059      1.88%     97.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       147777      0.50%     98.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       360666      1.21%     99.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        71788      0.24%     99.54% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        42931      0.14%     99.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         9896      0.03%     99.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         7745      0.03%     99.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        75594      0.25%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     29761559                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts             1581632                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps               3156761                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                        612787                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                       552638                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                    528147                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                     23978                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                  3132556                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls               10604                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass         7166      0.23%      0.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu         2498660     79.15%     79.38% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult            424      0.01%     79.39% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv           17216      0.55%     79.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd         20508      0.65%     80.59% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     80.59% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     80.59% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     80.59% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.59% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     80.59% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     80.59% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     80.59% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     80.59% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     80.59% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     80.59% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     80.59% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     80.59% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     80.59% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     80.59% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.59% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     80.59% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     80.59% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     80.59% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     80.59% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     80.59% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     80.59% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     80.59% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     80.59% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     80.59% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     80.59% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.59% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     80.59% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead         549168     17.40%     97.98% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite         60149      1.91%     99.89% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead         3470      0.11%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::total          3156761                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events                75594                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                    37889203                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                   17133818                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                            400                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                          48038                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.committedInsts                    1581632                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                      3156761                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                             19.305811                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                       19.305811                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              0.051798                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        0.051798                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads                 6310566                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes                5006231                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads                    52419                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_writes                   26204                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_reads                  3627147                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_writes                 1636010                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads                2979224                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements           257430                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs             482430                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           257430                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs             1.874024                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data         1024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          844                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           52                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          3953454                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses         3953454                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data       405692                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         405692                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data        59055                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         59055                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data       464747                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total          464747                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data       464747                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total         464747                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data       458165                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       458165                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data         1094                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         1094                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data       459259                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total        459259                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data       459259                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total       459259                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  34497393500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  34497393500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     67496500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     67496500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  34564890000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  34564890000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  34564890000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  34564890000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data       863857                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       863857                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data        60149                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        60149                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data       924006                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total       924006                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data       924006                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total       924006                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.530371                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.530371                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.018188                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.018188                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.497030                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.497030                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.497030                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.497030                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 75294.694051                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 75294.694051                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 61696.983547                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 61696.983547                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 75262.302971                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 75262.302971                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 75262.302971                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 75262.302971                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        24827                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs              908                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    27.342511                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         2373                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total             2373                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       201822                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       201822                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data            8                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       201830                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       201830                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       201830                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       201830                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       256343                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       256343                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         1086                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         1086                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       257429                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       257429                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       257429                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       257429                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19028240000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  19028240000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     65644000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     65644000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19093884000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  19093884000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19093884000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  19093884000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.296742                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.296742                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.018055                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.018055                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.278601                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.278601                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.278601                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.278601                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 74229.606426                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 74229.606426                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 60445.672192                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60445.672192                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 74171.456984                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 74171.456984                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 74171.456984                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 74171.456984                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements                3                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse                1021                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs                 14                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs                3                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs             4.666667                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst         1021                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.997070                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.997070                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1021                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         1019                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.997070                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses          5733159                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses         5733159                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst      1433286                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        1433286                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst      1433286                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total         1433286                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst      1433286                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total        1433286                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu0.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total             3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu0.inst            3                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total            3                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       309000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total       309000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       309000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total       309000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       309000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total       309000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst      1433289                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1433289                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst      1433289                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total      1433289                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst      1433289                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total      1433289                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000002                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000002                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000002                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000002                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000002                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000002                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       103000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total       103000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       103000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total       103000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       103000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total       103000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::writebacks            3                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total                3                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            3                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            3                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       306000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       306000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       306000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total       306000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       306000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total       306000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000002                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000002                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000002                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000002                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000002                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000002                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       102000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       102000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       102000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       102000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       102000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       102000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu1.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                    188880                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                        16384                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                      320226                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                    188880                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      1.695394                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks       12.756128                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst         0.206970                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     16371.036902                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.000779                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst        0.000013                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.999209                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total                   1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          116                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1         1105                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         9638                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         5509                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                   4306064                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                  4306064                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         2373                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total             2373                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks            3                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total                3                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data               496                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                   496                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data         68081                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total             68081                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data                68577                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                    68577                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data               68577                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                   68577                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data             590                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                 590                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu0.inst            3                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total                3                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data       188262                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total          188262                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.inst                  3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data             188852                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 188855                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.inst                 3                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data            188852                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                188855                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     58578000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      58578000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       301500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total       301500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  17896152000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total  17896152000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       301500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  17954730000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      17955031500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       301500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  17954730000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     17955031500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         2373                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         2373                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks            3                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total            3                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data          1086                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total              1086                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu0.inst            3                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total              3                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data       256343                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        256343                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst                3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data           257429                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               257432                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst               3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data          257429                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              257432                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.543278                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.543278                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.734414                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.734414                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.733608                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.733611                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.733608                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.733611                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 99284.745763                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 99284.745763                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       100500                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total       100500                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 95059.820888                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 95059.820888                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       100500                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 95073.020143                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 95073.106351                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       100500                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 95073.020143                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 95073.106351                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                  833                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                       833                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks           10                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total            10                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          590                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            590                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            3                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       188262                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total       188262                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst             3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        188852                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            188855                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            3                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       188852                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           188855                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     52678000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     52678000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       271500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       271500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16013522000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  16013522000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       271500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16066200000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  16066471500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       271500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16066200000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  16066471500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.543278                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.543278                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.734414                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.734414                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.733608                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.733611                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.733608                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.733611                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 89284.745763                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 89284.745763                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        90500                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        90500                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 85059.767770                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 85059.767770                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        90500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 85072.967191                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 85073.053401                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        90500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 85072.967191                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 85073.053401                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        377706                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       188859                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             188266                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          833                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict           188018                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq               590                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp              590                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        188265                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       566562                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total       566562                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 566562                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     12140096                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total     12140096                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                12140096                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            188855                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                  188855    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              188855                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer4.occupancy           446053500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer4.utilization               2.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         1022511750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              6.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       514865                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       257435                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests          413                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops             39                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops           33                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            6                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp            256347                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         3206                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean            3                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict          443104                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             1086                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp            1086                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq             3                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       256343                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side            9                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       772289                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                772298                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side          384                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     16627392                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total               16627776                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                          188880                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                     53312                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples           446312                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.001031                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.032504                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                 445858     99.90%     99.90% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                    448      0.10%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      6      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total             446312                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy          259808500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              1.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy              4500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy         386145000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             2.5                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
