
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.015267                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 15267344125                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               7587870030125                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                               66890126                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                124462898                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              173264194                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1248976                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                    88.12                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  5894086698                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   10967168259                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.inst             64                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data       12644672                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total           12644736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst           64                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total            64                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks        22080                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total           22080                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.inst               1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data          197573                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total              197574                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks           345                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total                345                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.inst              4192                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data         828216872                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             828221064                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst         4192                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total             4192                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks         1446224                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total              1446224                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks         1446224                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.inst             4192                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data        828216872                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            829667288                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                      197575                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                        345                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                    197575                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                      345                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM               12642496                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                    2304                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                   21632                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                12644800                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys                22080                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                     36                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     6                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0             12365                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1             12285                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2             12241                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3             12483                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4             12368                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5             11946                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6             12328                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7             12153                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8             12035                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9             12347                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10            12213                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11            12366                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12            12772                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13            12692                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14            12522                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15            12423                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8                 5                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9               128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10               66                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11               10                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12              109                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13               13                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14                7                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   15267399000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                197575                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                  345                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                  148071                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                   46057                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                    3377                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                      34                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                     20                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                     22                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                     21                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                     21                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                     21                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                     21                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                     21                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                     21                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                     21                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                     21                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                     21                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                     21                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                     21                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                     21                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                     21                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                     22                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples        96913                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    130.682488                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   112.188149                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev    78.110287                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127        40516     41.81%     41.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255        44867     46.30%     88.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383         9887     10.20%     98.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1474      1.52%     99.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639          142      0.15%     99.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767           12      0.01%     99.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895            3      0.00%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023            4      0.00%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151            8      0.01%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total        96913                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples           21                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean    9394.142857                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean   9184.993969                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev   1869.482530                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::5120-5631            2      9.52%      9.52% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::6656-7167            1      4.76%     14.29% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::7680-8191            2      9.52%     23.81% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::8704-9215            2      9.52%     33.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::9216-9727            5     23.81%     57.14% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::9728-10239            2      9.52%     66.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::10240-10751            4     19.05%     85.71% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::11264-11775            2      9.52%     95.24% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::12288-12799            1      4.76%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total            21                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples           21                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      16.095238                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.089992                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.436436                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16               20     95.24%     95.24% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18                1      4.76%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total            21                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                   4824713500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat              8528569750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                  987695000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     24424.11                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                43174.11                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       828.07                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                         1.42                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    828.23                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                      1.45                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         6.48                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     6.47                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.33                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      25.75                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                   100669                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                     295                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 50.96                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                87.02                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                      77139.24                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    51.02                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                343998060                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                182839305                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy               700926660                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy                      0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         1205309040.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy           1622674290                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             23789760                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy      5226724440                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy        70956000                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy                0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy             9377217555                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            614.200969                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime          11646148750                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE      8874000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     509860000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    185029750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    3102047000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  11461533375                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                347960760                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                184945530                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy               709494660                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy                1764360                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         1205309040.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy           1643108790                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             24482400                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy      5164564230                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy       105400800                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy                0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy             9387030570                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            614.843714                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime          11600800500                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE      9522000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     509860000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    274655250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    3147161625                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  11326145250                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups                1553822                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted          1553822                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect            65043                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups             1202000                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                  42425                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect              7189                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectLookups        1202000                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectHits            662819                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectMisses          539181                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu0.branchPredindirectMispredicted        20865                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                     718937                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                      47670                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                       141487                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                          742                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                    1297136                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                         6111                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                    0                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                        30534688                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles           1324811                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                       4512812                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                    1553822                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches            705244                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                     29026852                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                 134108                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.TlbCycles                      2785                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.cpu0.fetch.MiscStallCycles                1504                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles        52147                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                  1291025                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes                 6942                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.ItlbSquashes                     15                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples          30475153                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             0.297526                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            1.374933                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                28716794     94.23%     94.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                   23623      0.08%     94.31% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                  642342      2.11%     96.42% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                   25688      0.08%     96.50% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                  123860      0.41%     96.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                   57762      0.19%     97.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                   80521      0.26%     97.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                   22108      0.07%     97.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                  782455      2.57%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total            30475153                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.050887                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       0.147793                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                  658678                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles             28604634                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                   846905                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles               297882                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles                 67054                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts               7402421                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles                 67054                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                  746539                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles               27365363                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles         12991                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                   979506                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles              1303700                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts               7101977                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents                72798                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents                972364                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LQFullEvents                278215                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu0.rename.SQFullEvents                   458                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands            8461561                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups             19759242                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups         9290320                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.fp_rename_lookups            32273                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps              2836078                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                 5625357                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts               227                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts           282                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                  1900144                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads             1296315                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores              68498                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads             2830                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores            3453                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                   6748991                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded               3965                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                  4767098                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued             4831                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined        4386598                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      9155681                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          3965                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     30475153                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        0.156426                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       0.721370                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           28520608     93.59%     93.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1             772480      2.53%     96.12% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2             410973      1.35%     97.47% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3             277564      0.91%     98.38% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4             299610      0.98%     99.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5              82109      0.27%     99.63% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6              69812      0.23%     99.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7              23853      0.08%     99.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8              18144      0.06%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       30475153                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                   8741     66.97%     66.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     66.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     66.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                  875      6.70%     73.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     73.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     73.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     73.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     73.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     73.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     73.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     73.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     73.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     73.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     73.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     73.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     73.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     73.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     73.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     73.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     73.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     73.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     73.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     73.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     73.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     73.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     73.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     73.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     73.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     73.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     73.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     73.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                  3064     23.48%     97.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                  227      1.74%     98.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead              126      0.97%     99.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite              19      0.15%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            17383      0.36%      0.36% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu              3927287     82.38%     82.75% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                 804      0.02%     82.76% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                 7590      0.16%     82.92% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd              11394      0.24%     83.16% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     83.16% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     83.16% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     83.16% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     83.16% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     83.16% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     83.16% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     83.16% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     83.16% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     83.16% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     83.16% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     83.16% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     83.16% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     83.16% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     83.16% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     83.16% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     83.16% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     83.16% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     83.16% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     83.16% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     83.16% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     83.16% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     83.16% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     83.16% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     83.16% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     83.16% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     83.16% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     83.16% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead              749088     15.71%     98.88% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite              51181      1.07%     99.95% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead           2309      0.05%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite            62      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total               4767098                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          0.156121                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                      13052                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.002738                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads          39998489                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes         11111635                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      4569943                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads              28743                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes             27920                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses        12233                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses               4747976                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses                  14791                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads            3611                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       845736                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          140                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            1                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        46277                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           19                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked         1500                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles                 67054                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles               25420228                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles               272389                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts            6752956                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts             4827                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts              1296315                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts               68498                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts              1462                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                 18784                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                73801                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             1                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         35504                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        38315                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts               73819                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts              4683475                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts               718708                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts            83623                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                      766363                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                  547667                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                     47655                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    0.153382                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                       4598449                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                      4582176                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                  3399558                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                  5308845                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      0.150065                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.640357                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts        4387593                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts            67053                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     29854088                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.079261                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     0.516373                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     28819026     96.53%     96.53% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       482560      1.62%     98.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       110105      0.37%     98.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       307703      1.03%     99.55% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        59027      0.20%     99.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        28997      0.10%     99.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         5241      0.02%     99.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         3594      0.01%     99.87% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        37835      0.13%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     29854088                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts             1183998                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps               2366256                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                        472778                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                       450557                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                    428347                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                      8882                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                  2357278                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls                3925                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass         2668      0.11%      0.11% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu         1876624     79.31%     79.42% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult            157      0.01%     79.43% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv            6433      0.27%     79.70% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd          7596      0.32%     80.02% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     80.02% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     80.02% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     80.02% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.02% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     80.02% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     80.02% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     80.02% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     80.02% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     80.02% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     80.02% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     80.02% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     80.02% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     80.02% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     80.02% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.02% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     80.02% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     80.02% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     80.02% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     80.02% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     80.02% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     80.02% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     80.02% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     80.02% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     80.02% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     80.02% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.02% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     80.02% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead         449271     18.99%     99.01% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite         22221      0.94%     99.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead         1286      0.05%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::total          2366256                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events                37835                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                    36570102                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                   14130047                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                            458                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                          59535                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.committedInsts                    1183998                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                      2366256                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                             25.789476                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                       25.789476                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              0.038776                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        0.038776                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads                 4599695                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes                3990759                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads                    21752                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_writes                   10823                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_reads                  2858091                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_writes                 1229412                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads                2473013                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements           235704                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs             310596                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           235704                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs             1.317738                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data         1024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          129                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          805                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           90                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          3168420                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses         3168420                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data       288422                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         288422                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data        21337                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         21337                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data       309759                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total          309759                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data       309759                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total         309759                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data       422536                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       422536                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data          884                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          884                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data       423420                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total        423420                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data       423420                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total       423420                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  35194408000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  35194408000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     31188998                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     31188998                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  35225596998                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  35225596998                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  35225596998                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  35225596998                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data       710958                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       710958                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data        22221                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        22221                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data       733179                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total       733179                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data       733179                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total       733179                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.594319                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.594319                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.039782                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.039782                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.577512                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.577512                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.577512                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.577512                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 83293.276786                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 83293.276786                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 35281.671946                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 35281.671946                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 83193.040003                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 83193.040003                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 83193.040003                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 83193.040003                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        22828                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs             1089                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    20.962351                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         2184                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total             2184                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       187712                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       187712                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       187715                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       187715                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       187715                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       187715                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       234824                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       234824                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          881                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          881                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       235705                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       235705                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       235705                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       235705                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19474790000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  19474790000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     30113998                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     30113998                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19504903998                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  19504903998                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19504903998                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  19504903998                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.330292                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.330292                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.039647                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.039647                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.321484                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.321484                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.321484                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.321484                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 82933.558750                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 82933.558750                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 34181.609535                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 34181.609535                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 82751.337468                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 82751.337468                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 82751.337468                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 82751.337468                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements                1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse                1020                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs            1344531                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs                1                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs              1344531                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst         1020                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.996094                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.996094                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1020                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         1020                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.996094                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses          5164101                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses         5164101                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst      1291024                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        1291024                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst      1291024                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total         1291024                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst      1291024                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total        1291024                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total            1                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu0.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total             1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu0.inst            1                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total            1                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       100000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total       100000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       100000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total       100000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       100000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total       100000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst      1291025                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1291025                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst      1291025                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total      1291025                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst      1291025                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total      1291025                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000001                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000001                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000001                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       100000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total       100000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       100000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total       100000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       100000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total       100000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::writebacks            1                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total                1                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            1                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        99000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        99000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        99000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total        99000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        99000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total        99000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        99000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        99000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        99000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        99000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        99000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        99000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu1.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                    197576                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                        16384                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                      264605                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                    197576                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      1.339257                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks       13.142834                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst         0.051765                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     16370.805401                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.000802                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst        0.000003                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.999195                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total                   1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          127                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1         1181                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2        10563                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         4481                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           32                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                   3966456                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                  3966456                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         2184                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total             2184                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks            1                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total                1                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data               666                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                   666                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data         37465                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total             37465                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data                38131                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                    38131                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data               38131                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                   38131                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data             215                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                 215                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu0.inst            1                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total                1                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data       197359                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total          197359                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.inst                  1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data             197574                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 197575                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.inst                 1                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data            197574                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                197575                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     21484000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      21484000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        97500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total        97500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18701897500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total  18701897500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        97500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18723381500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      18723479000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        97500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18723381500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     18723479000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         2184                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         2184                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks            1                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total            1                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data           881                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total               881                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu0.inst            1                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total              1                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data       234824                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        234824                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst                1                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data           235705                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               235706                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst               1                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data          235705                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              235706                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.244041                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.244041                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.840455                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.840455                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.838226                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.838226                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.838226                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.838226                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 99925.581395                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 99925.581395                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        97500                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total        97500                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94760.803916                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 94760.803916                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        97500                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94766.424226                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 94766.438061                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        97500                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94766.424226                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 94766.438061                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                  345                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                       345                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          215                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            215                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            1                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       197359                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total       197359                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst             1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        197574                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            197575                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            1                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       197574                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           197575                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     19334000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     19334000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        87500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        87500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16728317500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  16728317500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        87500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16747651500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  16747739000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        87500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16747651500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  16747739000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.244041                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.244041                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.840455                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.840455                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.838226                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.838226                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.838226                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.838226                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 89925.581395                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 89925.581395                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        87500                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        87500                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84760.854585                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84760.854585                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        87500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84766.474840                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84766.488675                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        87500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84766.474840                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84766.488675                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        395141                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       197575                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             197359                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          345                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict           197221                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq               215                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp              215                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        197360                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       592715                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total       592715                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 592715                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     12666816                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total     12666816                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                12666816                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            197575                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                  197575    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              197575                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer4.occupancy           465157000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer4.utilization               3.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         1066783500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              7.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       471411                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       235706                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests          580                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops             10                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops           10                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp            234824                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         2529                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean            1                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict          430751                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq              881                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp             881                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq             1                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       234824                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side            3                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       707113                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                707116                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side          128                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     15224832                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total               15224960                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                          197576                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                     22080                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples           433282                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.001364                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.036907                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                 432691     99.86%     99.86% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                    591      0.14%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total             433282                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy          237890500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              1.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy              1500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy         353556000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             2.3                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
