
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.015267                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 15267344125                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               10519200102125                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                               58843279                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                109935263                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              145068472                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1248976                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   105.24                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  6192801277                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   11569840547                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.inst          19136                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data       10016512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total           10035648                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst        19136                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total         19136                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks      9937536                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total         9937536                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.inst             299                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data          156508                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total              156807                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks        155274                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total             155274                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.inst           1253394                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data         656074293                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             657327687                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst      1253394                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total          1253394                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks       650901422                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total            650901422                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks       650901422                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.inst          1253394                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data        656074293                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total           1308229109                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                      156807                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                     155274                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                    156807                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                   155274                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM               10035648                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                       0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                 9937984                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                10035648                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys              9937536                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                      0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0             10020                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1             10151                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2             10129                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3             10068                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4              9748                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5              9360                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6              9594                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7              9597                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8              9575                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9              9709                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10             9910                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11             9691                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12             9541                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13             9657                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14            10041                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15            10016                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0              9904                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1             10107                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2              9928                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3             10002                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4              9629                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5              9333                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6              9458                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7              9357                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8              9453                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9              9688                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10             9835                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11             9665                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12             9411                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13             9605                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14             9963                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15             9943                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   15267361000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                156807                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6               155274                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                  155895                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                     587                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                     214                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                      93                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                      17                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                     12                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                     13                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                   9612                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                   9646                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                   9678                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                   9694                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                   9699                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                   9709                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                   9714                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                   9719                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                   9714                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                   9729                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                   9721                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                   9719                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                   9718                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                   9729                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                   9723                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                   9713                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples        27239                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    733.254525                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   578.417500                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   356.013010                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127         1768      6.49%      6.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255         2478      9.10%     15.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383         1992      7.31%     22.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1575      5.78%     28.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639         1383      5.08%     33.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767         1469      5.39%     39.15% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1538      5.65%     44.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         1328      4.88%     49.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151        13708     50.32%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total        27239                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples         9702                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean      16.163059                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     16.111782                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev      1.608657                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4-7               7      0.07%      0.07% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::8-11             37      0.38%      0.45% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::12-15            88      0.91%      1.36% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::16-19          9401     96.90%     98.26% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::20-23           119      1.23%     99.48% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::24-27            32      0.33%     99.81% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::28-31             7      0.07%     99.89% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::32-35             2      0.02%     99.91% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::36-39             1      0.01%     99.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::40-43             1      0.01%     99.93% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::44-47             1      0.01%     99.94% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::48-51             4      0.04%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::72-75             1      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::76-79             1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total          9702                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples         9702                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      16.005051                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.004658                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.118730                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16             9682     99.79%     99.79% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::17                4      0.04%     99.84% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18                5      0.05%     99.89% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::19                9      0.09%     99.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::20                2      0.02%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total          9702                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                   2885059500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat              5825190750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                  784035000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     18398.79                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                37148.79                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       657.33                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                       650.93                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    657.33                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                    650.90                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                        10.22                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     5.14                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    5.09                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.01                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      26.16                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                   143335                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                  141513                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 91.41                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                91.14                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                      48921.15                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    91.27                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                 97496700                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                 51820725                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy               561682380                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy              405687960                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         752319360.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy           1514164530                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             63320640                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy      2077938420                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy       323602560                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy       1581456600                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy             7429489875                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            486.626214                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime          11768365000                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE     43212500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     318852000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF   6382314625                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    842720000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    3123402000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   4556843000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                 96996900                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                 51551280                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy               557919600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy              404878860                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         746172960.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy           1506445590                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             62974560                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy      2077332510                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy       310008480                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy       1592341740                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy             7406767710                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            485.137929                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime          11799418250                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE     42558000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     316264000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF   6436544500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    807308500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    3109101500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   4555567625                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups                1273857                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted          1273857                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect             6062                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups             1266544                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                   3448                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect               738                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectLookups        1266544                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectHits           1233131                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectMisses           33413                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu0.branchPredindirectMispredicted         4260                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                     346263                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                    1260367                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                          705                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                         2616                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                      47253                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                          266                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                   50                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                        30534688                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles             66885                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                       5580020                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                    1273857                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches           1236579                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                     30434059                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                  12726                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.MiscStallCycles                 174                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles         1092                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                    47065                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes                 1822                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples          30508573                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             0.368936                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            1.628605                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                28873828     94.64%     94.64% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                   39300      0.13%     94.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                   42069      0.14%     94.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                  224062      0.73%     95.64% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                   26676      0.09%     95.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                    8461      0.03%     95.76% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                    8797      0.03%     95.79% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                   24757      0.08%     95.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                 1260623      4.13%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total            30508573                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.041718                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       0.182744                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                  399864                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles             28690813                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                   629296                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles               782237                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles                  6363                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts              11197246                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles                  6363                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                  671900                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles                 230502                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles         11645                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                  1138419                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles             28449744                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts              11166024                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents                 1300                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents                 17574                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LQFullEvents                  4560                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu0.rename.SQFullEvents              28160775                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands           14237254                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups             23596955                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups        12819517                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.fp_rename_lookups           306470                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps             13993030                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                  244224                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts               125                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts           130                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                  4830266                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads              355809                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores            1267567                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads            20493                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores           16313                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                  11110376                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded                718                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                 11053322                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued             1780                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined         158265                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       231154                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           608                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     30508573                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        0.362302                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       1.234587                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           27502891     90.15%     90.15% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1             473516      1.55%     91.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2             534017      1.75%     93.45% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3             348134      1.14%     94.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4             316409      1.04%     95.63% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5            1020238      3.34%     98.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6             117578      0.39%     99.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7             171244      0.56%     99.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8              24546      0.08%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       30508573                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                  72354     94.39%     94.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     94.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     94.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                  457      0.60%     94.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     94.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     94.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     94.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     94.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     94.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     94.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     94.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     94.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     94.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     94.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     94.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     94.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     94.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     94.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     94.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     94.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     94.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     94.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     94.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     94.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     94.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     94.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     94.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     94.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     94.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     94.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     94.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                   737      0.96%     95.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                  197      0.26%     96.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead             2735      3.57%     99.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite             175      0.23%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass             4125      0.04%      0.04% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu              9354497     84.63%     84.67% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                  84      0.00%     84.67% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                  262      0.00%     84.67% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd              83859      0.76%     85.43% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     85.43% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     85.43% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     85.43% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     85.43% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     85.43% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     85.43% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     85.43% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     85.43% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     85.43% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     85.43% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     85.43% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     85.43% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     85.43% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     85.43% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     85.43% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     85.43% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     85.43% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     85.43% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     85.43% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     85.43% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     85.43% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     85.43% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     85.43% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     85.43% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     85.43% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.43% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     85.43% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead              302504      2.74%     88.17% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite            1223571     11.07%     99.24% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead          46299      0.42%     99.66% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite         38121      0.34%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total              11053322                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          0.361992                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                      76655                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.006935                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads          52318022                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes         11063662                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     10847670                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads             375630                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            205868                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       184264                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses              10936391                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses                 189461                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads            2039                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        21833                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           47                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          185                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        11687                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           17                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked          526                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles                  6363                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles                  56918                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles               139833                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts           11111094                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts              751                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts               355809                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts             1267567                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts               312                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                   395                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents               139294                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           185                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect          1694                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         5972                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts                7666                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts             11038981                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts               346112                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts            14341                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                     1606464                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                 1249140                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                   1260352                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    0.361523                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                      11034885                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                     11031934                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                  8056846                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                 11270542                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      0.361292                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.714859                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts         158498                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.commitNonSpecStalls            110                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts             6227                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     30483225                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.359307                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.260095                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     27568390     90.44%     90.44% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       341435      1.12%     91.56% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       323561      1.06%     92.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      1106934      3.63%     96.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        69908      0.23%     96.48% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       684472      2.25%     98.73% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        72341      0.24%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        22040      0.07%     99.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       294144      0.96%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     30483225                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts             5411344                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps              10952829                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                       1589856                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                       333976                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                         40                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                   1242988                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                    180780                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                 10855393                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls                1044                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass         2233      0.02%      0.02% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu         9278455     84.71%     84.73% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult             66      0.00%     84.73% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv             220      0.00%     84.74% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd         81999      0.75%     85.48% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     85.48% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     85.48% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.48% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.48% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     85.48% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     85.48% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.48% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     85.48% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.48% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     85.48% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     85.48% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     85.48% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     85.48% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     85.48% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.48% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.48% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.48% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     85.48% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.48% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.48% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.48% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.48% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.48% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     85.48% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.48% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.48% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.48% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead         289791      2.65%     88.13% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite       1218202     11.12%     99.25% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead        44185      0.40%     99.66% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite        37678      0.34%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::total         10952829                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events               294144                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                    41300408                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                   22248465                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                            258                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                          26115                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.committedInsts                    5411344                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                     10952829                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                              5.642718                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                        5.642718                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              0.177220                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        0.177220                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads                12614344                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes                8375682                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads                   286266                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_writes                  145438                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_reads                  6232320                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_writes                 5562862                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads                4111627                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements           156562                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs            1451069                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           156562                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs             9.268335                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data         1024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          107                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          917                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          6552790                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses         6552790                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data       339542                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         339542                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data      1100601                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       1100601                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data      1440143                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total         1440143                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data      1440143                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total        1440143                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data         3625                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         3625                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data       155289                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       155289                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data       158914                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total        158914                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data       158914                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total       158914                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    356587000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    356587000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  14009006499                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  14009006499                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  14365593499                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  14365593499                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  14365593499                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  14365593499                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data       343167                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       343167                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data      1255890                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1255890                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data      1599057                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1599057                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data      1599057                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1599057                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.010563                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010563                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.123649                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.123649                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.099380                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.099380                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.099380                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.099380                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 98368.827586                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 98368.827586                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 90212.484458                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 90212.484458                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 90398.539455                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 90398.539455                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 90398.539455                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 90398.539455                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        13520                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets         1250                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs              146                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              2                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    92.602740                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          625                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       155629                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total           155629                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data         2338                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         2338                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data           10                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data         2348                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         2348                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data         2348                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         2348                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         1287                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1287                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       155279                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       155279                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       156566                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       156566                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       156566                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       156566                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    136921000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    136921000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13853046500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  13853046500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13989967500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  13989967500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13989967500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  13989967500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.003750                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003750                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.123641                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.123641                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.097911                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.097911                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.097911                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.097911                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 106387.723388                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106387.723388                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 89213.908513                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 89213.908513                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 89355.080286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 89355.080286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 89355.080286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 89355.080286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements              568                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse         1019.999256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs              11469                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs              568                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs            20.191901                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst  1019.999256                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.996093                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.996093                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1020                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          192                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          828                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.996094                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses           188832                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses          188832                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst        46365                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          46365                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst        46365                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total           46365                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst        46365                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total          46365                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst          700                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          700                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu0.inst          700                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total           700                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu0.inst          700                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total          700                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     42605500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     42605500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     42605500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     42605500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     42605500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     42605500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst        47065                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        47065                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst        47065                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total        47065                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst        47065                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total        47065                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.014873                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.014873                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.014873                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.014873                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.014873                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.014873                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        60865                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total        60865                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        60865                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total        60865                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        60865                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total        60865                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::writebacks          568                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total              568                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst          128                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          128                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst          128                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          128                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst          128                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          128                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          572                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          572                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          572                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          572                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          572                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          572                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     35305500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     35305500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     35305500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     35305500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     35305500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     35305500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.012153                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.012153                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.012153                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.012153                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.012153                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.012153                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 61722.902098                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61722.902098                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 61722.902098                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61722.902098                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 61722.902098                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61722.902098                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu1.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                    157299                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                        16384                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                      156824                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                    157299                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      0.996980                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks       54.472582                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst        32.846865                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     16296.680553                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.003325                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst        0.002005                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.994670                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total                   1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          106                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          953                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         9579                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         5746                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                   2671235                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                  2671235                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks       155629                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total           155629                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks          567                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total              567                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu0.data                4                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total                    4                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data                19                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                    19                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu0.inst            269                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total                269                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data            35                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total                35                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.inst                  269                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data                   54                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                      323                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.inst                 269                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data                  54                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                     323                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data          155256                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total              155256                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu0.inst          299                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total              299                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data         1252                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total            1252                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.inst                299                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data             156508                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 156807                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.inst               299                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data            156508                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                156807                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13619864500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   13619864500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     31604500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total     31604500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    134557000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total    134557000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     31604500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13754421500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      13786026000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     31604500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13754421500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     13786026000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks       155629                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       155629                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks          567                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total          567                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu0.data            4                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total                4                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data        155275                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total            155275                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu0.inst          568                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total            568                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data         1287                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total          1287                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst              568                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data           156562                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               157130                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst             568                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data          156562                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              157130                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.999878                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.999878                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.526408                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.526408                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.972805                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.972805                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst        0.526408                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.999655                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.997944                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst       0.526408                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.999655                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.997944                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 87725.205467                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 87725.205467                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 105700.668896                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 105700.668896                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 107473.642173                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 107473.642173                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 105700.668896                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 87883.184885                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 87917.159310                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 105700.668896                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 87883.184885                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 87917.159310                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks               155274                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                    155274                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       155256                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total         155256                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          299                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total          299                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         1252                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total         1252                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst           299                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        156508                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            156807                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          299                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       156508                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           156807                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  12067304500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  12067304500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     28614500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     28614500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    122037000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    122037000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     28614500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  12189341500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  12217956000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     28614500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  12189341500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  12217956000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.999878                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999878                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.526408                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.526408                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.972805                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.972805                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.526408                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.999655                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.997944                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.526408                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.999655                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.997944                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 77725.205467                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77725.205467                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 95700.668896                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 95700.668896                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 97473.642173                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 97473.642173                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 95700.668896                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 77883.184885                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77917.159310                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 95700.668896                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 77883.184885                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77917.159310                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        313477                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       156684                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               1551                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       155274                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict             1396                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            155256                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           155256                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq          1551                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       470284                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total       470284                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 470284                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     19973184                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total     19973184                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                19973184                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            156807                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                  156807    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              156807                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer4.occupancy           935076500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer4.utilization               6.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy          824703500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              5.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       314268                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       157130                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests           88                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops            711                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops          711                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp              1859                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       310903                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean          568                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict            2958                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq               4                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp              4                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq           155275                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp          155275                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq           572                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         1287                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         1708                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       469694                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                471402                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        72704                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     19980224                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total               20052928                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                          157303                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                   9937792                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples           314437                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.002541                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.050345                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                 313638     99.75%     99.75% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                    799      0.25%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total             314437                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy          313331000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              2.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy            858000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy         234845000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             1.5                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
