
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.015267                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 15267344125                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               6763433447375                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                               69413383                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                129055716                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              181729273                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1248976                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                    84.01                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  5831517521                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   10842157513                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data       12475520                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total           12475520                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks        24192                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total           24192                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data          194930                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total              194930                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks           378                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total                378                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data         817137539                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             817137539                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks         1584559                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total              1584559                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks         1584559                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data        817137539                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            818722097                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                      194929                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                        378                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                    194929                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                      378                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM               12471680                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                    3776                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                   23552                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                12475456                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys                24192                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                     59                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     6                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0             12131                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1             12294                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2             12203                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3             12181                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4             12155                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5             12263                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6             11855                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7             12126                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8             11781                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9             12039                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10            11923                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11            12178                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12            12529                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13            12618                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14            12269                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15            12325                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3                10                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4               128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5                94                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7                10                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12              126                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   15267264500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                194929                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                  378                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                  149174                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                   43388                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                    2289                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                      19                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                     23                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                     23                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                     23                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                     23                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                     23                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                     23                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                     23                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                     23                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                     23                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                     23                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                     24                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                     24                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                     24                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                     24                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                     23                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                     23                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples        96910                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    128.930513                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   110.885393                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev    76.829590                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127        41343     42.66%     42.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255        44621     46.04%     88.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383         9486      9.79%     98.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1302      1.34%     99.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639          133      0.14%     99.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767            7      0.01%     99.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895            4      0.00%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023            2      0.00%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           12      0.01%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total        96910                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples           23                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean    8445.086957                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean   8258.757256                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev   1871.348175                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::6144-6655            4     17.39%     17.39% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::6656-7167            3     13.04%     30.43% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::7168-7679            3     13.04%     43.48% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::7680-8191            2      8.70%     52.17% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::8192-8703            2      8.70%     60.87% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::8704-9215            3     13.04%     73.91% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::9728-10239            1      4.35%     78.26% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::10752-11263            3     13.04%     91.30% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::11264-11775            1      4.35%     95.65% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::12288-12799            1      4.35%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total            23                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples           23                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean             16                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.000000                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16               23    100.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total            23                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                   4745529750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat              8399342250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                  974350000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     24352.28                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                43102.28                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       816.89                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                         1.54                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    817.13                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                      1.58                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         6.39                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     6.38                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.30                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      25.74                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                    97997                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                     325                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 50.29                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                87.37                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                      78170.60                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    50.36                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                346511340                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                184148580                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy               694065120                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy                1263240                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         1204694400.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy           1631232840                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             24482880                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy      5171283390                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy       109742400                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy                0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy             9367424190                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            613.559511                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime          11625146500                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE      9498500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     509600000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    285449500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    3123066500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  11339729625                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                345468900                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                183624870                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy               697313820                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy                 657720                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         1205309040.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy           1635616140                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             24540480                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy      5176073100                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy       101960160                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy                0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy             9370564230                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            613.765181                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime          11617037000                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE      9558000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     509860000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    265523000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    3130748750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  11351654375                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups                1205076                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted          1205076                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect            48502                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups              996242                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                  35314                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect              5276                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectLookups         996242                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectHits            513960                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectMisses          482282                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu0.branchPredindirectMispredicted        17560                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                     614121                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                      44435                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                       138341                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                          730                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                     999873                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                         3361                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                    0                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                        30534688                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles           1022411                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                       3541305                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                    1205076                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches            549274                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                     29384858                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                  99118                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.TlbCycles                      1896                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.cpu0.fetch.MiscStallCycles                 704                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles        31764                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                   996512                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes                 5705                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.ItlbSquashes                      6                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples          30491192                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             0.233604                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            1.219359                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                29100991     95.44%     95.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                   18137      0.06%     95.50% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                  503003      1.65%     97.15% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                   21915      0.07%     97.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                  105221      0.35%     97.57% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                   49843      0.16%     97.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                   77993      0.26%     97.99% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                   17807      0.06%     98.04% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                  596282      1.96%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total            30491192                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.039466                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       0.115976                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                  486908                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles             29060489                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                   618857                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles               275379                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles                 49559                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts               5927633                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles                 49559                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                  567999                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles               27967643                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles          8709                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                   744481                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles              1152801                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts               5695882                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents                45953                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents                961403                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LQFullEvents                132615                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu0.rename.SQFullEvents                   556                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands            6796669                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups             15816988                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups         7492522                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.fp_rename_lookups            32185                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps              2716768                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                 4079841                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts               157                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts           199                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                  1778884                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads             1011146                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores              65142                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads             4001                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores            3955                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                   5414657                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded               3569                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                  4012249                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued             5382                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined        3160676                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      6447794                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          3569                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     30491192                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        0.131587                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       0.652055                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           28759767     94.32%     94.32% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1             738184      2.42%     96.74% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2             373585      1.23%     97.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3             249993      0.82%     98.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4             212324      0.70%     99.48% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5              66138      0.22%     99.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6              56149      0.18%     99.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7              20380      0.07%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8              14672      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       30491192                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                   8899     66.47%     66.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     66.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     66.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                  924      6.90%     73.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     73.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     73.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     73.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     73.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     73.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     73.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     73.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     73.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     73.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     73.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     73.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     73.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     73.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     73.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     73.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     73.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     73.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     73.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     73.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     73.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     73.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     73.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     73.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     73.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     73.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     73.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     73.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                  3213     24.00%     97.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                  191      1.43%     98.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead              129      0.96%     99.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite              33      0.25%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            13971      0.35%      0.35% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu              3289768     81.99%     82.34% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                1018      0.03%     82.37% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                 8452      0.21%     82.58% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd              11672      0.29%     82.87% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     82.87% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     82.87% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     82.87% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     82.87% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     82.87% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     82.87% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     82.87% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     82.87% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     82.87% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     82.87% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     82.87% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     82.87% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     82.87% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     82.87% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     82.87% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     82.87% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     82.87% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     82.87% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     82.87% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     82.87% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     82.87% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     82.87% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     82.87% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     82.87% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     82.87% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     82.87% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     82.87% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead              637177     15.88%     98.75% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite              47757      1.19%     99.94% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead           2315      0.06%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite           119      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total               4012249                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          0.131400                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                      13389                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.003337                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads          38505014                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes          8550814                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      3858724                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads              29447                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes             28094                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses        12869                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses               3996467                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses                  15200                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads            3871                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       590823                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          142                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            6                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        41532                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           33                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked         1159                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles                 49559                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles               26336955                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles               244632                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts            5418226                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts             3066                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts              1011146                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts               65142                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts              1281                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                 13875                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                44370                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             6                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         25207                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        30369                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts               55576                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts              3945690                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts               613922                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts            66559                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                      658350                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                  499526                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                     44428                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    0.129220                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                       3884360                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                      3871593                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                  2762525                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                  4520307                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      0.126793                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.611137                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts        3161158                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts            49555                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     30043163                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.075142                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     0.494237                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     29033344     96.64%     96.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       466032      1.55%     98.19% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       120699      0.40%     98.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       317737      1.06%     99.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        42574      0.14%     99.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        21092      0.07%     99.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         4530      0.02%     99.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         3311      0.01%     99.89% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        33844      0.11%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     30043163                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts             1130804                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps               2257506                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                        443929                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                       420319                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                    405649                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                      9586                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                  2247811                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls                4175                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass         2937      0.13%      0.13% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu         1795062     79.52%     79.65% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult            167      0.01%     79.65% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv            7239      0.32%     79.97% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd          8172      0.36%     80.34% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     80.34% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     80.34% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     80.34% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.34% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     80.34% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     80.34% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     80.34% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     80.34% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     80.34% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     80.34% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     80.34% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     80.34% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     80.34% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     80.34% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.34% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     80.34% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     80.34% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     80.34% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     80.34% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     80.34% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     80.34% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     80.34% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     80.34% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     80.34% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     80.34% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.34% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     80.34% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead         418905     18.56%     98.89% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite         23610      1.05%     99.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead         1414      0.06%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::total          2257506                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events                33844                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                    35427983                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                   11286712                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                            336                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                          43496                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.committedInsts                    1130804                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                      2257506                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                             27.002635                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                       27.002635                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              0.037033                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        0.037033                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads                 4095504                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes                3332919                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads                    22803                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_writes                   11340                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_reads                  2644361                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_writes                 1132359                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads                2076037                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements           224814                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs             230763                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           224814                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs             1.026462                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data         1024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          202                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          763                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           59                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          2745062                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses         2745062                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data       213592                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         213592                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data        22717                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         22717                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data       236309                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total          236309                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data       236309                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total         236309                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data       392860                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       392860                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data          893                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          893                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data       393753                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total        393753                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data       393753                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total       393753                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  33674829000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  33674829000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     32404498                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     32404498                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  33707233498                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  33707233498                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  33707233498                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  33707233498                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data       606452                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       606452                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data        23610                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        23610                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data       630062                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total       630062                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data       630062                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total       630062                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.647801                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.647801                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.037823                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.037823                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.624943                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.624943                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.624943                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.624943                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 85717.123148                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 85717.123148                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 36287.231803                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 36287.231803                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 85605.020147                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 85605.020147                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 85605.020147                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 85605.020147                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        13944                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs              700                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    19.920000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         2177                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total             2177                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       168933                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       168933                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data            7                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       168940                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       168940                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       168940                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       168940                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       223927                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       223927                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          886                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          886                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       224813                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       224813                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       224813                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       224813                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19109215500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  19109215500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     30584498                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     30584498                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19139799998                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  19139799998                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19139799998                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  19139799998                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.369241                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.369241                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.037526                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.037526                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.356811                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.356811                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.356811                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.356811                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 85336.808424                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 85336.808424                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 34519.749436                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 34519.749436                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 85136.535690                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 85136.535690                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 85136.535690                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 85136.535690                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse                1021                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst         1021                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.997070                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.997070                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1021                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         1021                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.997070                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses          3986048                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses         3986048                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst       996512                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         996512                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst       996512                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total          996512                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst       996512                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total         996512                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst       996512                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       996512                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst       996512                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total       996512                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst       996512                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total       996512                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu1.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                    194936                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                        16384                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                      254965                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                    194936                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      1.307942                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks       12.764344                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     16371.235656                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.000779                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.999221                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total                   1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          116                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1         1175                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2        10805                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         4262                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           26                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                   3789304                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                  3789304                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         2177                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total             2177                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data               664                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                   664                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data         29220                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total             29220                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data                29884                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                    29884                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data               29884                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                   29884                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data             222                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                 222                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data       194707                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total          194707                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data             194929                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 194929                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data            194929                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                194929                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     21979500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      21979500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18441099500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total  18441099500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18463079000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      18463079000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18463079000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     18463079000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         2177                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         2177                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data           886                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total               886                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data       223927                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        223927                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data           224813                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               224813                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data          224813                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              224813                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.250564                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.250564                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.869511                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.869511                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.867072                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.867072                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.867072                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.867072                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 99006.756757                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 99006.756757                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94712.051955                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 94712.051955                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94716.943092                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 94716.943092                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94716.943092                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 94716.943092                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                  378                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                       378                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks            1                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total             1                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          222                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            222                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       194707                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total       194707                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        194929                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            194929                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       194929                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           194929                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     19759500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     19759500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16494019500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  16494019500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16513779000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  16513779000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16513779000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  16513779000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.250564                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.250564                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.869511                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.869511                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.867072                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.867072                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.867072                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.867072                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 89006.756757                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 89006.756757                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84712.000596                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84712.000596                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84716.891791                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84716.891791                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84716.891791                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84716.891791                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        389852                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       194929                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             194708                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          378                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict           194545                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq               222                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp              222                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        194707                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       584782                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total       584782                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 584782                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     12499712                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total     12499712                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                12499712                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            194929                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                  194929    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              194929                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer4.occupancy           461841500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer4.utilization               3.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         1053365750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              6.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       449627                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       224814                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests          589                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops             13                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops           12                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            1                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp            223927                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         2555                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict          417195                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq              886                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp             886                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       223927                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       674440                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                674440                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     14527360                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total               14527360                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                          194936                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                     24192                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples           419749                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.001437                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.037938                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                 419147     99.86%     99.86% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                    601      0.14%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      1      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total             419749                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy          226990500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              1.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy         337219500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             2.2                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
