
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.015267                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 15267344125                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               10534467446250                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                               56779645                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                106088481                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              139849671                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1248976                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   109.17                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  6198614232                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   11581644370                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.inst          24512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data        9956288                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total            9980800                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst        24512                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total         24512                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks      9911744                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total         9911744                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.inst             383                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data          155567                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total              155950                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks        154871                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total             154871                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.inst           1605518                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data         652129664                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             653735183                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst      1605518                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total          1605518                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks       649212065                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total            649212065                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks       649212065                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.inst          1605518                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data        652129664                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total           1302947247                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                      155950                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                     154871                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                    155950                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                   154871                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM                9980800                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                       0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                 9911488                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                 9980800                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys              9911744                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                      0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0             10067                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1             10168                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2             10242                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3             10169                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4              9728                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5              9233                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6              9417                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7              9427                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8              9346                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9              9384                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10             9877                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11             9649                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12             9476                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13             9608                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14            10099                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15            10060                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0              9982                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1             10144                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2             10091                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3             10108                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4              9641                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5              9224                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6              9316                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7              9223                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8              9218                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9              9374                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10             9876                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11             9632                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12             9414                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13             9574                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14            10050                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15            10000                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   15267310000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                155950                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6               154871                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                  154786                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                     758                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                     270                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                     119                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                      17                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                     25                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                     31                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                   9572                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                   9627                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                   9660                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                   9680                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                   9681                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                   9686                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                   9688                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                   9680                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                   9688                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                   9692                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                   9691                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                   9699                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                   9686                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                   9704                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                   9690                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                   9684                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples        27391                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    726.248476                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   560.598177                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   364.230310                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127         2036      7.43%      7.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255         2897     10.58%     18.01% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383         1683      6.14%     24.15% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1349      4.92%     29.08% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639         1473      5.38%     34.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767         1171      4.28%     38.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1503      5.49%     44.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         1740      6.35%     50.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151        13539     49.43%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total        27391                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples         9672                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean      16.123449                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     16.074804                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev      1.570808                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4-7               6      0.06%      0.06% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::8-11             45      0.47%      0.53% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::12-15           106      1.10%      1.62% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::16-19          9368     96.86%     98.48% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::20-23           104      1.08%     99.56% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::24-27            24      0.25%     99.80% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::28-31             7      0.07%     99.88% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::32-35             1      0.01%     99.89% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::36-39             3      0.03%     99.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::40-43             2      0.02%     99.94% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::48-51             3      0.03%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::52-55             1      0.01%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::72-75             2      0.02%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total          9672                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples         9672                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      16.011890                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.010780                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.202771                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16             9633     99.60%     99.60% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::17                4      0.04%     99.64% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18               12      0.12%     99.76% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::19               11      0.11%     99.88% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::20                7      0.07%     99.95% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::21                4      0.04%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::22                1      0.01%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total          9672                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                   2885182250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat              5809244750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                  779750000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     18500.69                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                37250.69                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       653.74                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                       649.20                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    653.74                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                    649.21                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                        10.18                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     5.11                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    5.07                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.01                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      26.16                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                   142473                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                  140953                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 91.36                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                91.01                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                      49119.30                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    91.19                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                 98110740                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                 52139505                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy               560140140                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy              405745380                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         754163280.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy           1514296200                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             61881600                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy      2098264050                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy       326302560                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy       1567140300                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy             7438183755                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            487.195657                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime          11785330875                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE     41556000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     319602000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF   6334166375                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    849737500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    3120818750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   4601463500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                 97461000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                 51809340                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy               553342860                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy              402660360                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         749246160.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy           1503781980                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             65401920                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy      2078183520                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy       316824000                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy       1589175660                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy             7407911460                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            485.212844                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime          11723374875                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE     49159500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     317552000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF   6416719750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    824996750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    3101474500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   4557441625                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups                1331852                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted          1331852                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect             7586                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups             1322229                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                   4132                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect               860                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectLookups        1322229                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectHits           1280563                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectMisses           41666                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu0.branchPredindirectMispredicted         5270                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                     495968                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                    1316070                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                          794                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                         2652                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                      64020                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                          263                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                   58                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                        30534688                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles             89900                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                       6027752                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                    1331852                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches           1284695                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                     30402164                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                  15772                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.MiscStallCycles                 130                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles         1031                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           16                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                    63853                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes                 2214                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples          30501127                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             0.399545                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            1.674603                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                28653009     93.94%     93.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                   55948      0.18%     94.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                   59844      0.20%     94.32% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                  320281      1.05%     95.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                   37799      0.12%     95.49% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                   11690      0.04%     95.53% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                   12321      0.04%     95.57% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                   35347      0.12%     95.69% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                 1314888      4.31%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total            30501127                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.043618                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       0.197407                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                  430108                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles             28532680                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                   721884                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles               808569                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles                  7886                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts              12112279                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles                  7886                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                  713203                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles                 284706                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles         14580                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                  1245974                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles             28234778                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts              12073971                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents                 1736                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents                 26342                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LQFullEvents                  6818                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu0.rename.SQFullEvents              27925422                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands           15506098                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups             25457935                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups        13929424                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.fp_rename_lookups           453661                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps             15193054                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                  313044                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts               151                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts           158                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                  4849040                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads              508200                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores            1324875                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads            30225                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores           26109                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                  12002769                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded                861                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                 11930376                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued             2198                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined         199807                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       293086                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           713                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     30501127                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        0.391145                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       1.293652                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           27309479     89.54%     89.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1             507809      1.66%     91.20% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2             552376      1.81%     93.01% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3             362225      1.19%     94.20% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4             315697      1.04%     95.23% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5            1036642      3.40%     98.63% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6             167948      0.55%     99.18% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7             214154      0.70%     99.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8              34797      0.11%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       30501127                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                 103338     94.29%     94.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     94.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     94.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                  649      0.59%     94.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     94.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     94.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     94.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     94.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     94.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     94.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     94.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     94.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     94.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     94.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     94.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     94.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     94.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     94.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     94.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     94.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     94.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     94.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     94.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     94.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     94.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     94.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     94.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     94.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     94.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     94.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     94.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                  1084      0.99%     95.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                  242      0.22%     96.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead             4078      3.72%     99.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite             206      0.19%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass             5510      0.05%      0.05% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu              9982515     83.67%     83.72% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                  93      0.00%     83.72% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                  330      0.00%     83.72% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd             125067      1.05%     84.77% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     84.77% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     84.77% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     84.77% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     84.77% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     84.77% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     84.77% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     84.77% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     84.77% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     84.77% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     84.77% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     84.77% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     84.77% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     84.77% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     84.77% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     84.77% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     84.77% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     84.77% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     84.77% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     84.77% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     84.77% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     84.77% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     84.77% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     84.77% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     84.77% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     84.77% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.77% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     84.77% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead              430168      3.61%     88.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite            1263814     10.59%     98.97% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead          69124      0.58%     99.55% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite         53755      0.45%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total              11930376                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          0.390716                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                     109597                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.009186                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads          53919591                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes         11900979                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     11631254                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads             554083                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            302696                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       271941                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses              11755004                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses                 279459                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads            2424                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        28455                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           55                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          254                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        14323                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           19                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked          660                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles                  7886                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles                  75652                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles               168296                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts           12003630                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts             1005                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts               508200                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts             1324875                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts               381                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                   545                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents               167503                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           254                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect          2162                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         7234                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts                9396                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts             11912398                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts               495744                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts            17978                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                     1811791                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                 1301405                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                   1316047                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    0.390127                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                      11906949                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                     11903195                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                  8727145                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                 12069588                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      0.389825                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.723069                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts         200042                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.commitNonSpecStalls            148                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts             7703                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     30469508                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.387398                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.335397                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     27405011     89.94%     89.94% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       387623      1.27%     91.21% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       326619      1.07%     92.29% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      1129883      3.71%     95.99% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        69476      0.23%     96.22% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       624289      2.05%     98.27% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       103614      0.34%     98.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        31664      0.10%     98.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       391329      1.28%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     30469508                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts             5812955                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps              11803823                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                       1790297                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                       479745                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                         60                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                   1293797                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                    267044                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                 11658425                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls                1227                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass         3217      0.03%      0.03% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu         9887567     83.77%     83.79% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult             74      0.00%     83.79% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv             276      0.00%     83.80% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd        122392      1.04%     84.83% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     84.83% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     84.83% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     84.83% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.83% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     84.83% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     84.83% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.83% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     84.83% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     84.83% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     84.83% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     84.83% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     84.83% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     84.83% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     84.83% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.83% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     84.83% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     84.83% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     84.83% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.83% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     84.83% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.83% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.83% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.83% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     84.83% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     84.83% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.83% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.83% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead         413594      3.50%     88.34% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite       1257353     10.65%     98.99% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead        66151      0.56%     99.55% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite        53199      0.45%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::total         11803823                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events               391329                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                    42082044                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                   24039885                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                            321                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                          33561                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.committedInsts                    5812955                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                     11803823                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                              5.252868                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                        5.252868                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              0.190372                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        0.190372                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads                13671103                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes                9066635                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads                   424262                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_writes                  217134                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_reads                  6491037                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_writes                 6025004                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads                4423336                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements           155618                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs            1516397                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           155618                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs             9.744355                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data         1024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           93                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          826                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          105                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          7367162                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses         7367162                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data       487359                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         487359                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data      1156622                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       1156622                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data      1643981                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total         1643981                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data      1643981                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total        1643981                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data         4962                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         4962                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data       153943                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       153943                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data       158905                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total        158905                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data       158905                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total       158905                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    457435500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    457435500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13896074498                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  13896074498                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  14353509998                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  14353509998                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  14353509998                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  14353509998                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data       492321                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       492321                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data      1310565                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1310565                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data      1802886                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1802886                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data      1802886                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1802886                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.010079                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010079                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.117463                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.117463                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.088139                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.088139                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.088139                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.088139                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 92187.726723                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 92187.726723                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 90267.660745                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 90267.660745                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 90327.617117                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 90327.617117                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 90327.617117                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 90327.617117                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        20753                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets          291                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs              205                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              3                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs   101.234146                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets           97                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       154359                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total           154359                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data         3273                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         3273                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data           10                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data         3283                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         3283                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data         3283                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         3283                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         1689                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1689                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       153933                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       153933                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       155622                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       155622                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       155622                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       155622                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    179782000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    179782000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13741260498                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  13741260498                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13921042498                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  13921042498                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13921042498                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  13921042498                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.003431                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003431                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.117455                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.117455                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.086318                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.086318                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.086318                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.086318                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 106442.865601                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106442.865601                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 89267.801563                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 89267.801563                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 89454.206333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 89454.206333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 89454.206333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 89454.206333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements              710                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse         1019.999891                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs              17393                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs              710                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs            24.497183                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst  1019.999891                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.996094                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.996094                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1020                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          124                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           62                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          834                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.996094                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses           256126                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses          256126                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst        62994                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          62994                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst        62994                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total           62994                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst        62994                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total          62994                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst          859                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          859                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu0.inst          859                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total           859                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu0.inst          859                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total          859                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     52888499                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     52888499                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     52888499                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     52888499                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     52888499                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     52888499                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst        63853                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        63853                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst        63853                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total        63853                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst        63853                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total        63853                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.013453                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.013453                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.013453                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.013453                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.013453                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.013453                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 61569.847497                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 61569.847497                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 61569.847497                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 61569.847497                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 61569.847497                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 61569.847497                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           30                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                3                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           10                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::writebacks          710                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total              710                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst          145                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          145                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst          145                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          145                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst          145                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          145                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          714                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          714                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          714                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          714                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          714                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          714                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     44568000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     44568000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     44568000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     44568000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     44568000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     44568000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.011182                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011182                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.011182                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011182                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.011182                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011182                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 62420.168067                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 62420.168067                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 62420.168067                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 62420.168067                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 62420.168067                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 62420.168067                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu1.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                    156562                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                        16384                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                      156193                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                    156562                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      0.997643                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks       54.095926                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst        33.651550                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     16296.252523                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.003302                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst        0.002054                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.994644                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total                   1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           93                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          827                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         8598                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         6866                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                   2657594                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                  2657594                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks       154359                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total           154359                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks          709                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total              709                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu0.data                4                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total                    4                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data                17                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                    17                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu0.inst            328                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total                328                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data            34                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total                34                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.inst                  328                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data                   51                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                      379                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.inst                 328                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data                  51                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                     379                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data          153912                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total              153912                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu0.inst          383                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total              383                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data         1655                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total            1655                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.inst                383                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data             155567                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 155950                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.inst               383                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data            155567                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                155950                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13510184000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   13510184000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     40031000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total     40031000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    176803500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total    176803500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     40031000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13686987500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      13727018500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     40031000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13686987500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     13727018500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks       154359                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       154359                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks          709                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total          709                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu0.data            4                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total                4                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data        153929                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total            153929                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu0.inst          711                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total            711                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data         1689                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total          1689                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst              711                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data           155618                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               156329                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst             711                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data          155618                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              156329                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.999890                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.999890                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.538678                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.538678                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.979870                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.979870                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst        0.538678                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.999672                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.997576                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst       0.538678                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.999672                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.997576                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 87778.626748                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 87778.626748                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 104519.582245                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 104519.582245                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 106829.909366                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 106829.909366                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 104519.582245                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 87981.303876                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 88021.920487                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 104519.582245                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 87981.303876                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 88021.920487                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks               154872                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                    154872                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       153912                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total         153912                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          383                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total          383                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         1655                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total         1655                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst           383                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        155567                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            155950                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          383                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       155567                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           155950                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  11971054000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  11971054000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     36201000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     36201000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    160253500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    160253500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     36201000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  12131307500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  12167508500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     36201000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  12131307500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  12167508500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.999890                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999890                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.538678                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.538678                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.979870                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.979870                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.538678                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.999672                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.997576                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.538678                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.999672                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.997576                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 77778.561776                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77778.561776                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 94519.582245                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 94519.582245                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 96829.909366                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 96829.909366                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 94519.582245                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 77981.239595                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78021.856364                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 94519.582245                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 77981.239595                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78021.856364                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        312009                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       156077                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               2038                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       154871                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict             1188                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            153912                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           153913                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq          2038                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       467960                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total       467960                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 467960                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     19892608                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total     19892608                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                19892608                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            155950                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                  155950    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              155950                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer4.occupancy           932179500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer4.utilization               6.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy          820117500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              5.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       312664                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       156329                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests          112                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops            569                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops          569                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp              2403                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       309231                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean          710                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict            2949                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq               4                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp              4                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq           153929                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp          153929                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq           714                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         1689                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         2135                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       466862                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                468997                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        90944                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     19838528                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total               19929472                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                          156565                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                   9912000                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples           312898                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.002176                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.046601                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                 312217     99.78%     99.78% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                    681      0.22%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total             312898                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy          311401000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              2.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy           1071000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy         233429499                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             1.5                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
