
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.015267                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 15267344125                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               3129805545625                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                               65138053                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                120603607                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              180111604                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1248976                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                    84.77                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  5521491514                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   10223086139                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.inst             64                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data       12074240                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total           12074304                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst           64                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total            64                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks        59584                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total           59584                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.inst               1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data          188660                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total              188661                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks           931                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total                931                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.inst              4192                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data         790853989                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             790858181                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst         4192                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total             4192                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks         3902709                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total              3902709                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks         3902709                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.inst             4192                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data        790853989                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            794760890                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                      188661                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                        931                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                    188661                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                      931                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM               12066048                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                    8256                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                   58752                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                12074304                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys                59584                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                    129                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0             11939                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1             11862                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2             11391                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3             11051                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4             11317                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5             11390                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6             11472                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7             11390                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8             11312                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9             11201                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10            11448                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11            12282                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12            13074                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13            12547                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14            12555                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15            12301                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0               128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1               123                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2                26                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10               29                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11               57                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12              254                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13               45                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14              128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15              128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   15267348000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                188661                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                  931                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                  142836                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                   42457                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                    3173                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                      66                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                      3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                      3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                     54                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                     57                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                     58                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                     58                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                     58                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                     58                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                     58                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                     58                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                     58                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                     58                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                     58                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                     58                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                     58                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                     59                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                     58                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                     59                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples        97544                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    124.292299                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   106.756208                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev    76.086904                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127        45124     46.26%     46.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255        42451     43.52%     89.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383         8659      8.88%     98.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1137      1.17%     99.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639          120      0.12%     99.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767           21      0.02%     99.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895            9      0.01%     99.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023            7      0.01%     99.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           16      0.02%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total        97544                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples           57                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean    3262.070175                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean   3192.159612                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    676.999390                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1792-2047            1      1.75%      1.75% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2048-2303            2      3.51%      5.26% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2304-2559            7     12.28%     17.54% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2560-2815            5      8.77%     26.32% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2816-3071            7     12.28%     38.60% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::3072-3327           11     19.30%     57.89% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::3328-3583            5      8.77%     66.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::3584-3839            6     10.53%     77.19% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::3840-4095            5      8.77%     85.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4096-4351            5      8.77%     94.74% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4352-4607            2      3.51%     98.25% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4608-4863            1      1.75%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total            57                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples           57                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      16.105263                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.099494                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.450564                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16               54     94.74%     94.74% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18                3      5.26%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total            57                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                   4646374000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat              8181349000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                  942660000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     24645.02                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                43395.02                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       790.32                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                         3.85                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    790.86                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                      3.90                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         6.20                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     6.17                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.03                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.31                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      25.62                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                    91112                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                     790                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 48.33                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                84.85                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                      80527.39                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    48.51                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                337836240                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                179545245                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy               655537680                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy                1445940                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         1204694400.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy           1560717000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             24565440                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy      5233351830                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy       116773440                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy                0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy             9314467215                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            610.090867                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime          11781428000                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE      9594000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     509600000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    304304000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    2966558750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  11477287375                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                358656480                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                190634235                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy               690580800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy                3346020                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         1205309040.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy           1644691680                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             24208800                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy      5172179430                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy        97928160                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy                0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy             9387534645                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            614.876731                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime          11597023750                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE      9582000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     509860000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    255339000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    3150827500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  11341735625                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups                1925654                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted          1925654                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect            98948                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups             1514529                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                  84142                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect             12713                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectLookups        1514529                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectHits            772272                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectMisses          742257                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu0.branchPredindirectMispredicted        38463                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                     945460                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                     112266                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                       166775                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                         1763                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                    1514926                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                         7726                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                    0                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                        30534688                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles           1562691                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                       5993402                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                    1925654                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches            856414                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                     28717539                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                 203014                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.TlbCycles                      2598                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.cpu0.fetch.MiscStallCycles                1839                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles        68227                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                  1507200                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes                14472                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.ItlbSquashes                      5                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples          30454401                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             0.397092                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            1.590017                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                28215855     92.65%     92.65% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                   34842      0.11%     92.76% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                  682661      2.24%     95.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                   52899      0.17%     95.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                  158623      0.52%     95.70% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                  106126      0.35%     96.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                  107430      0.35%     96.40% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                   43096      0.14%     96.54% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                 1052869      3.46%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total            30454401                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.063064                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       0.196282                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                  845384                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles             27988949                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                  1171522                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles               347039                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles                101507                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts               9993931                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles                101507                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                  966700                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles               26609937                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles         22774                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                  1314362                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles              1439121                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts               9529239                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents               105818                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents               1055184                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LQFullEvents                320112                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu0.rename.SQFullEvents                   919                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands           11321224                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups             26018741                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups        12910417                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.fp_rename_lookups            72487                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps              3925161                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                 7395986                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts               359                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts           482                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                  2128999                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads             1601797                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores             161219                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads             8489                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores            8207                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                   8913801                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded               8564                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                  6524215                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued            10372                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined        5658945                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     10943946                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          8564                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     30454401                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        0.214229                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       0.873545                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           27975274     91.86%     91.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1             900226      2.96%     94.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2             506890      1.66%     96.48% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3             352078      1.16%     97.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4             369251      1.21%     98.85% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5             146027      0.48%     99.33% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6             119914      0.39%     99.72% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7              50576      0.17%     99.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8              34165      0.11%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       30454401                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                  21705     71.47%     71.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     71.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     71.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                 2355      7.75%     79.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     79.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     79.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     79.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     79.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     79.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     79.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     79.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     79.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     79.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     79.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     79.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     79.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     79.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     79.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     79.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     79.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     79.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     79.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     79.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     79.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     79.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     79.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     79.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     79.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     79.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     79.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                  5600     18.44%     97.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                  524      1.73%     99.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead              178      0.59%     99.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               9      0.03%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            31799      0.49%      0.49% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu              5320095     81.54%     82.03% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                2550      0.04%     82.07% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                22231      0.34%     82.41% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd              29037      0.45%     82.86% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     82.86% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     82.86% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     82.86% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     82.86% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     82.86% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     82.86% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     82.86% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     82.86% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     82.86% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     82.86% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     82.86% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     82.86% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     82.86% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     82.86% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     82.86% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     82.86% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     82.86% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     82.86% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     82.86% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     82.86% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     82.86% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     82.86% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     82.86% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     82.86% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     82.86% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     82.86% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     82.86% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead              992797     15.22%     98.07% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite             120450      1.85%     99.92% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead           5235      0.08%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite            21      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total               6524215                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          0.213666                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                      30371                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.004655                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads          43472154                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes         14524365                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      6197422                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads              71420                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes             56952                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses        32080                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses               6485952                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses                  36835                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads           10510                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1038927                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          319                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           10                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        95575                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          113                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked         1051                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles                101507                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles               23941651                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles               289597                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts            8922365                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts             7345                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts              1601797                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts              161219                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts              3091                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                 23146                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                84535                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents            10                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         49287                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        66285                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts              115572                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts              6373360                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts               944897                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts           150855                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                     1057141                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                  728628                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                    112244                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    0.208725                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                       6262074                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                      6229502                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                  4605836                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                  7409844                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      0.204014                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.621583                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts        5659908                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts           101503                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     29628665                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.110142                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     0.643982                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     28316496     95.57%     95.57% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       572210      1.93%     97.50% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       153015      0.52%     98.02% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       366423      1.24%     99.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        77482      0.26%     99.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        45549      0.15%     99.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        11524      0.04%     99.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         8691      0.03%     99.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        77275      0.26%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     29628665                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts             1635829                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps               3263363                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                        628504                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                       562860                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                    538981                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                     26180                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                  3236832                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls               11575                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass         7927      0.24%      0.24% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu         2584870     79.21%     79.45% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult            463      0.01%     79.47% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv           19207      0.59%     80.05% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd         22392      0.69%     80.74% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     80.74% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     80.74% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     80.74% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.74% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     80.74% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     80.74% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     80.74% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     80.74% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     80.74% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     80.74% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     80.74% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     80.74% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     80.74% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     80.74% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.74% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     80.74% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     80.74% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     80.74% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     80.74% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     80.74% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     80.74% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     80.74% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     80.74% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     80.74% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     80.74% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.74% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     80.74% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead         559072     17.13%     97.87% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite         65644      2.01%     99.88% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead         3788      0.12%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::total          3263363                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events                77275                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                    38474661                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                   18675535                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                            632                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                          80287                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.committedInsts                    1635829                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                      3263363                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                             18.666186                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                       18.666186                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              0.053573                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        0.053573                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads                 6842322                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes                5407670                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads                    56531                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_writes                   28264                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_reads                  3786668                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_writes                 1752333                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads                3186732                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements           259229                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs             535591                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           259229                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs             2.066092                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data         1024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          163                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          842                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           19                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          4229765                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses         4229765                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data       460876                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         460876                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data        64605                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         64605                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data       525481                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total          525481                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data       525481                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total         525481                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data       466114                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       466114                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data         1039                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         1039                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data       467153                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total        467153                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data       467153                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total       467153                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  34819196000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  34819196000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     70982000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     70982000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  34890178000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  34890178000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  34890178000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  34890178000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data       926990                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       926990                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data        65644                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        65644                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data       992634                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total       992634                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data       992634                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total       992634                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.502825                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.502825                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.015828                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.015828                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.470620                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.470620                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.470620                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.470620                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 74701.030220                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 74701.030220                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 68317.613090                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 68317.613090                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 74686.832794                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 74686.832794                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 74686.832794                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 74686.832794                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        29173                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs              989                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    29.497472                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         2314                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total             2314                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       207915                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       207915                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       207924                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       207924                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       207924                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       207924                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       258199                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       258199                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         1030                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         1030                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       259229                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       259229                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       259229                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       259229                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19005822000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  19005822000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     69116500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     69116500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19074938500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  19074938500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19074938500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  19074938500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.278535                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.278535                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.015691                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.015691                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.261153                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.261153                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.261153                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.261153                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 73609.200655                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 73609.200655                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 67103.398058                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67103.398058                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 73583.351014                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 73583.351014                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 73583.351014                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 73583.351014                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements                1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse                1021                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs                 11                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs                1                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs                   11                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst         1021                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.997070                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.997070                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1021                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         1021                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.997070                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses          6028801                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses         6028801                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst      1507199                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        1507199                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst      1507199                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total         1507199                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst      1507199                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total        1507199                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total            1                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu0.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total             1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu0.inst            1                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total            1                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       105500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total       105500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       105500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total       105500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       105500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total       105500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst      1507200                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1507200                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst      1507200                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total      1507200                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst      1507200                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total      1507200                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000001                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000001                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000001                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       105500                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total       105500                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       105500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total       105500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       105500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total       105500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::writebacks            1                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total                1                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            1                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       104500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       104500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       104500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total       104500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       104500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total       104500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       104500                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       104500                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       104500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       104500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       104500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       104500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu1.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                    188686                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                        16384                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                      330755                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                    188686                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      1.752939                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks       12.369185                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst         0.058668                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     16371.572147                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.000755                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst        0.000004                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.999241                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total                   1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          133                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          947                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2        10402                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         4888                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           14                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                   4335206                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                  4335206                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         2314                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total             2314                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks            1                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total                1                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data               398                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                   398                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data         70171                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total             70171                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data                70569                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                    70569                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data               70569                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                   70569                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data             632                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                 632                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu0.inst            1                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total                1                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data       188028                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total          188028                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.inst                  1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data             188660                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 188661                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.inst                 1                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data            188660                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                188661                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     63246000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      63246000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       103000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total       103000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  17848947000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total  17848947000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       103000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  17912193000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      17912296000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       103000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  17912193000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     17912296000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         2314                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         2314                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks            1                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total            1                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data          1030                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total              1030                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu0.inst            1                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total              1                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data       258199                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        258199                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst                1                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data           259229                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               259230                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst               1                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data          259229                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              259230                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.613592                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.613592                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.728229                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.728229                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.727774                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.727775                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.727774                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.727775                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 100072.784810                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 100072.784810                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       103000                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total       103000                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94927.069373                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 94927.069373                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       103000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94944.307219                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 94944.349919                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       103000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94944.307219                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 94944.349919                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                  931                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                       931                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks           26                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total            26                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          632                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            632                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            1                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       188028                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total       188028                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst             1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        188660                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            188661                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            1                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       188660                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           188661                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     56926000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     56926000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        93000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        93000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  15968667000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  15968667000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        93000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16025593000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  16025686000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        93000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16025593000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  16025686000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.613592                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.613592                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.728229                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.728229                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.727774                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.727775                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.727774                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.727775                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 90072.784810                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 90072.784810                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        93000                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        93000                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84927.069373                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84927.069373                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        93000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84944.307219                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84944.349919                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        93000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84944.307219                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84944.349919                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        377317                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       188662                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             188029                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          931                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict           187725                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq               632                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp              632                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        188029                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       565978                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total       565978                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 565978                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     12133888                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total     12133888                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                12133888                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            188661                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                  188661    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              188661                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer4.occupancy           445265000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer4.utilization               2.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         1021477750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              6.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       518460                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       259229                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests          287                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops             56                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops           51                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            5                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp            258200                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         3245                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean            1                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict          444670                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             1030                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp            1030                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq             1                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       258199                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side            3                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       777687                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                777690                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side          128                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     16738752                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total               16738880                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                          188686                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                     59584                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples           447916                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.000775                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.028221                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                 447574     99.92%     99.92% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                    337      0.08%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      5      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total             447916                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy          261545000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              1.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy              1500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy         388843500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             2.5                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
