
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.015267                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 15267344125                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               1114516121125                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                               11161743                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                 20600729                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               70524202                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1246220                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   216.48                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  2416335969                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    4459723105                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data         917568                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total             917568                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks       864704                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total          864704                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data           14337                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total               14337                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks         13511                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total              13511                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data          60100040                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total              60100040                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks        56637487                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total             56637487                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks        56637487                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data         60100040                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            116737527                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                       14337                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                      13511                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                     14337                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                    13511                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM                 917568                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                       0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                  864256                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                  917568                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys               864704                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                      0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0               915                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1               787                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2               896                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3               896                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4               896                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5               919                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6              1043                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7              1026                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8               969                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9               896                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10              896                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11              885                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12              768                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13              768                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14              881                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15              896                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0               786                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1               677                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2               768                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3               768                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4               768                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5               833                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6              1009                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7              1011                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8               958                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9               896                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10              884                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11              872                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12              768                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13              768                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14              883                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15              855                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   15267526000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                 14337                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                13511                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                   14337                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                    736                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                    736                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                    752                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                    752                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                    752                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                    752                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                    753                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                    753                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                    753                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                    753                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                    753                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                    753                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                    753                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                    752                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                    752                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                    752                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                    752                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                    752                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples         6007                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    296.667222                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   184.434144                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   290.424200                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127         2399     39.94%     39.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255          817     13.60%     53.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383          545      9.07%     62.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1484     24.70%     87.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639           46      0.77%     88.08% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767           48      0.80%     88.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895           72      1.20%     90.08% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           74      1.23%     91.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          522      8.69%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total         6007                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples          752                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean      19.055851                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     18.510828                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev      8.002301                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::16-19           713     94.81%     94.81% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::20-23            24      3.19%     98.01% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::24-27             2      0.27%     98.27% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::36-39             1      0.13%     98.40% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::40-43             1      0.13%     98.54% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::44-47             1      0.13%     98.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::52-55             1      0.13%     98.80% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::56-59             2      0.27%     99.07% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::64-67             1      0.13%     99.20% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::72-75             1      0.13%     99.34% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::80-83             1      0.13%     99.47% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::100-103            2      0.27%     99.73% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::112-115            1      0.13%     99.87% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::120-123            1      0.13%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total           752                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples          752                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      17.957447                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     17.954948                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.288802                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16               16      2.13%      2.13% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18              736     97.87%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total           752                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                    363749750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat               632568500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                   71685000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     25371.40                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                44121.40                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                        60.10                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                        56.61                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                     60.10                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                     56.64                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         0.91                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     0.47                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.44                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      24.63                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                    10435                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                   11401                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 72.78                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                84.38                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                     548244.97                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    78.41                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                 20163360                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                 10724670                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy                52678920                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy               34556400                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         1124791200.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy            639852360                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             55069920                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy      3522546990                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy      1131441120                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy        886483800                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy             7478394390                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            489.829425                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime          13715685500                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE     92527000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     477522000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF   3049220500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN   2946395625                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT     976611500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   7725067500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                 22712340                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                 12071895                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy                49687260                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy               35934480                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         1234811760.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy            737899770                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             60652800                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy      3521227440                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy      1386661440                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy        710676960                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy             7772576745                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            509.098156                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime          13489779000                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE    105213750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     524458000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF   2157565500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN   3611173250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    1147156500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   7721777125                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups                5249972                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted          5249972                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect           102473                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups             4202559                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                 731206                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect               514                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectLookups        4202559                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectHits           2532974                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectMisses         1669585                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu0.branchPredindirectMispredicted           25                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                    8915391                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                    2112000                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                         1342                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                    6229601                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                            2                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                    0                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                        30534688                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles           6284931                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                      46073366                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                    5249972                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches           3264180                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                     24147162                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                 205164                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.MiscStallCycles                   1                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           12                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                  6229599                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes                47224                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples          30534688                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             2.639252                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            3.358166                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                16825751     55.10%     55.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                  710530      2.33%     57.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                 1647439      5.40%     62.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                  691497      2.26%     65.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                 1020231      3.34%     68.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                 1568427      5.14%     73.57% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                  581491      1.90%     75.47% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                  817748      2.68%     78.15% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                 6671574     21.85%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total            30534688                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.171935                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       1.508886                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                 4025716                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles             15952753                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                  6013288                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles              4440349                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles                102582                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts              77283509                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles                102582                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                 5770578                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles                5655232                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                  8649845                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles             10356451                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts              76780452                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents               231496                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents               9249774                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands           82537351                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups            182460045                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups        60216735                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.fp_rename_lookups         74571629                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps             70907364                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                11629946                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                 23841297                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads             9466505                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores            2114683                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads           428304                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores          197773                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                  76143094                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                 70861168                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued                6                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined        9862282                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     14239983                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     30534688                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        2.320678                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       1.959930                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0            6280240     20.57%     20.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1            6165267     20.19%     40.76% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2            5686254     18.62%     59.38% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3            4821381     15.79%     75.17% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4            3013188      9.87%     85.04% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5            1963229      6.43%     91.47% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6            1588573      5.20%     96.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7             673533      2.21%     98.88% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8             343023      1.12%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       30534688                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                    173      0.17%      0.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%      0.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%      0.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                98871     99.64%     99.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     99.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     99.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     99.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     99.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     99.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     99.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     99.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     99.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     99.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     99.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     99.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     99.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     99.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     99.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     99.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     99.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     99.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     99.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     99.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     99.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     99.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     99.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     99.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     99.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     99.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     99.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     99.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                   184      0.19%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass             6253      0.01%      0.01% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu             36858816     52.02%     52.02% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0      0.00%     52.02% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0      0.00%     52.02% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd           22991465     32.45%     84.47% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     84.47% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     84.47% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     84.47% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     84.47% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     84.47% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     84.47% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     84.47% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     84.47% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     84.47% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     84.47% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     84.47% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     84.47% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     84.47% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     84.47% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     84.47% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     84.47% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     84.47% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     84.47% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     84.47% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     84.47% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     84.47% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     84.47% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     84.47% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     84.47% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     84.47% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.47% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     84.47% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead             1972769      2.78%     87.25% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite            1481437      2.09%     89.34% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead        6919324      9.76%     99.11% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite        631104      0.89%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total              70861168                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          2.320678                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                      99228                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.001400                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads          97667409                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes         37319874                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     33504551                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads           74688848                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes          48685610                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     37152010                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses              33560281                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses               37393862                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads          421996                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1307528                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            8                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          108                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         3914                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles                102582                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles                3272194                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles               116600                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts           76143094                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts               15                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts              9466505                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts             2114683                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                103082                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           108                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         59208                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        43497                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts              102705                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts             70668198                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts              8888800                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts           192969                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                    11000800                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                 4738593                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                   2112000                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    2.314358                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                      70662786                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                     70656561                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                 52627790                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                 92737656                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      2.313977                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.567491                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts        9862282                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts           102474                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     29272548                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     2.264264                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     2.865422                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     10936123     37.36%     37.36% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      7542542     25.77%     63.13% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      1062707      3.63%     66.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      2926085     10.00%     76.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      1142113      3.90%     80.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       218353      0.75%     81.40% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       423334      1.45%     82.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       535990      1.83%     84.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      4485301     15.32%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     29272548                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts            37336526                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps              66280770                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                      10269737                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                      8158971                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                   4639377                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                  34274299                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                 41143491                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls              631092                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass         6026      0.01%      0.01% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu        34450195     51.98%     51.99% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0      0.00%     51.99% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0      0.00%     51.99% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd      21554812     32.52%     84.51% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     84.51% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     84.51% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     84.51% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.51% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     84.51% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     84.51% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.51% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     84.51% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     84.51% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     84.51% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     84.51% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     84.51% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     84.51% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     84.51% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.51% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     84.51% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     84.51% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     84.51% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.51% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     84.51% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.51% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.51% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.51% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     84.51% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     84.51% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.51% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.51% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead        1961026      2.96%     87.46% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite       1479672      2.23%     89.70% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead      6197945      9.35%     99.05% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite       631094      0.95%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::total         66280770                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events              4485301                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                   100930299                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                  153548316                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.committedInsts                   37336526                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                     66280770                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                              0.817823                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                        0.817823                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              1.222758                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        1.222758                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads                56354451                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes               28635135                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads                 64811044                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_writes                33275006                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_reads                 20743633                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_writes                13470624                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads               24149342                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements            14367                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs            1078788                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs            14367                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs            75.087910                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data         1024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           10                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           84                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          680                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           30                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          220                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         42426547                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses        42426547                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data      8477841                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        8477841                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data      2110766                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       2110766                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data     10588607                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total        10588607                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data     10588607                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total       10588607                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data        14438                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        14438                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data        14438                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total         14438                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data        14438                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total        14438                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data   1406358500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1406358500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data   1406358500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1406358500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data   1406358500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1406358500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data      8492279                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8492279                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data      2110766                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      2110766                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data     10603045                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total     10603045                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data     10603045                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total     10603045                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.001700                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.001700                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.001362                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.001362                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.001362                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.001362                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 97406.739161                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 97406.739161                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 97406.739161                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 97406.739161                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 97406.739161                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 97406.739161                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        13517                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total            13517                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data           71                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           71                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data           71                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total           71                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data           71                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total           71                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        14367                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        14367                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        14367                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        14367                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        14367                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        14367                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   1386799000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1386799000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   1386799000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1386799000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   1386799000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1386799000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.001692                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001692                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.001355                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001355                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.001355                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001355                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 96526.693116                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 96526.693116                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 96526.693116                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 96526.693116                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 96526.693116                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 96526.693116                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse                1021                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst         1021                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.997070                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.997070                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1021                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         1021                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.997070                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses         24918396                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses        24918396                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst      6229599                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        6229599                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst      6229599                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total         6229599                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst      6229599                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total        6229599                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst      6229599                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      6229599                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst      6229599                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total      6229599                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst      6229599                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total      6229599                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu1.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                     14337                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                        16384                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                       14338                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                     14337                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      1.000070                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data            16384                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data               1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total                   1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           10                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           84                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          838                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         8450                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         7002                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                    244209                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                   244209                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks        13517                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total            13517                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data            30                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total                30                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data                   30                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                       30                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data                  30                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                      30                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data        14337                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total           14337                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data              14337                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                  14337                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data             14337                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                 14337                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data   1364927000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total   1364927000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data   1364927000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total       1364927000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data   1364927000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total      1364927000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks        13517                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        13517                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data        14367                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         14367                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data            14367                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total                14367                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data           14367                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total               14367                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.997912                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.997912                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.997912                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.997912                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.997912                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.997912                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 95203.110832                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 95203.110832                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 95203.110832                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 95203.110832                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 95203.110832                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 95203.110832                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                13511                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                     13511                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks            1                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total             1                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        14337                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total        14337                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         14337                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total             14337                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        14337                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total            14337                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   1221557000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1221557000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   1221557000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1221557000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   1221557000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1221557000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.997912                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.997912                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.997912                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.997912                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.997912                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.997912                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 85203.110832                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 85203.110832                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 85203.110832                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 85203.110832                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 85203.110832                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 85203.110832                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests         28674                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests        14337                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              14337                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        13511                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict              826                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         14337                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port        43011                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total        43011                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  43011                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port      1782272                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total      1782272                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 1782272                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples             14337                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                   14337    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total               14337                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer4.occupancy            86383500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer4.utilization               0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           76359500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        28734                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests        14367                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops              1                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            1                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp             14367                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        27028                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict            1676                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        14367                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        43101                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                 43101                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      1784576                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total                1784576                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                           14337                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                    864704                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples            28704                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.000035                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.005902                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                  28703    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                      1      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total              28704                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy           27884000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy          21550500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
