
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.015267                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 15267344125                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               2412240371750                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                               12320740                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                 22628061                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               36307268                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1248976                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   420.50                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  5180917738                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    9515185378                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.inst            192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data        1169728                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total            1169920                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst          192                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total           192                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks      1005504                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total         1005504                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.inst               3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data           18277                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total               18280                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks         15711                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total              15711                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.inst             12576                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data          76616338                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total              76628914                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst        12576                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total            12576                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks        65859785                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total             65859785                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks        65859785                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.inst            12576                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data         76616338                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            142488699                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                       18280                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                      15711                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                     18280                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                    15711                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM                1169600                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                     320                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                 1005952                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                 1169920                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys              1005504                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                      5                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0              1127                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1              1084                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2              1129                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3              1314                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4              1261                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5              1166                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6              1264                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7              1141                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8              1116                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9              1103                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10             1112                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11             1058                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12             1097                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13             1067                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14             1117                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15             1119                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0               947                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1               934                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2               990                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3              1135                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4              1089                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5              1006                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6              1088                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7               976                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8               952                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9               944                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10              948                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11              927                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12              949                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13              928                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14              952                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15              953                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   15269638500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                 18280                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                15711                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                   16730                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                    1534                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                      11                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                    530                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                    559                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                    896                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                    910                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                    910                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                    911                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                    912                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                    910                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                    913                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                    916                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                    914                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                    911                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                    914                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                    915                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                    913                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                    955                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                    911                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                    911                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples        24097                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean     90.277794                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean    81.219684                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev    53.148605                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::64-127        17389     72.16%     72.16% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-191         4819     20.00%     92.16% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::192-255         1114      4.62%     96.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-319          482      2.00%     98.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::320-383          165      0.68%     99.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-447           68      0.28%     99.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::448-511           31      0.13%     99.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-575           21      0.09%     99.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::576-639            5      0.02%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-703            2      0.01%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::704-767            1      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total        24097                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples          911                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean      20.070252                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     19.956342                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev      2.146683                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::15                3      0.33%      0.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::16               37      4.06%      4.39% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::17               62      6.81%     11.20% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::18              111     12.18%     23.38% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::19              159     17.45%     40.83% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::20              178     19.54%     60.37% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::21              144     15.81%     76.18% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::22               94     10.32%     86.50% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::23               65      7.14%     93.63% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::24               33      3.62%     97.26% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::25               16      1.76%     99.01% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::26                8      0.88%     99.89% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::27                1      0.11%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total           911                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples          911                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      17.253568                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     17.222294                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      1.033731                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16              352     38.64%     38.64% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::17               24      2.63%     41.27% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18              487     53.46%     94.73% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::19               48      5.27%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total           911                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                    506755750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat               849412000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                   91375000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     27729.45                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                46479.45                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                        76.61                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                        65.89                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                     76.63                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                     65.86                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         1.11                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     0.60                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.51                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.13                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      24.93                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                     6391                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                    3502                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 34.97                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                22.29                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                     449225.93                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    29.11                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                 88471740                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                 47027640                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy                67730040                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy               42621300                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         1216372560.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy            927238950                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             29754720                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy      4604490210                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy      1149132960                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy         31384020                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy             8204236260                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            537.371542                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime          13156414125                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE     18832250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     514738000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF     66311000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN   2992481000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    1577359750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  10097622125                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                 83602260                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                 44420475                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy                62753460                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy               39426660                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         1222518960.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy            985462170                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             31690560                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy      4392359580                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy      1240014720                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy         68182920                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy             8170681605                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            535.173737                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime          13022805125                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE     25180000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     517500000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF    161584500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN   3228982000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    1701851000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   9632246625                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups               13252782                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted         13252782                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect          1411009                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups            11175238                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                1062944                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect            192721                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectLookups       11175238                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectHits           2607271                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectMisses         8567967                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu0.branchPredindirectMispredicted       936327                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                    6919913                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                    2298953                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                        86909                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                        18982                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                    6563346                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                         3269                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                   19                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                        30534688                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles           7423840                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                      56595075                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                   13252782                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches           3670215                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                     21677598                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                2824592                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.TlbCycles                        19                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.cpu0.fetch.MiscStallCycles                1103                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles        18448                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                  6560078                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes               326515                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples          30533304                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             4.038499                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            3.672932                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                12127688     39.72%     39.72% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                  522420      1.71%     41.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                  871155      2.85%     44.28% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                 1335419      4.37%     48.66% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                  606162      1.99%     50.64% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                 1153772      3.78%     54.42% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                  996068      3.26%     57.68% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                  497160      1.63%     59.31% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                12423460     40.69%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total            30533304                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.434024                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       1.853468                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                 5609354                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles              8319103                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                 13778350                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles              1414201                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles               1412296                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts             110334632                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles               1412296                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                 6683171                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles                7034115                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles        252004                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                 13900512                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles              1251206                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts             103011011                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents                31935                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents                646463                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LQFullEvents                   453                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu0.rename.SQFullEvents                377952                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands          115744633                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups            254788138                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups       139599438                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.fp_rename_lookups         19891526                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps             47037988                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                68706650                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts             31899                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts         34319                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                  3067709                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads             9488401                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores            3225795                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads           155912                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores          161390                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                  89001803                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded             212882                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                 70420430                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued           675853                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       48657447                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     70265830                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved        212773                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     30533304                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        2.306348                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       2.598389                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           13537745     44.34%     44.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1            2188385      7.17%     51.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2            2669735      8.74%     60.25% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3            2277522      7.46%     67.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4            2321330      7.60%     75.31% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5            2225184      7.29%     82.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6            2623331      8.59%     91.19% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7            1611793      5.28%     96.47% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8            1078279      3.53%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       30533304                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                1413252     92.51%     92.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     92.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     92.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                82758      5.42%     97.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     97.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     97.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     97.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     97.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     97.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     97.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     97.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     97.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     97.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     97.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     97.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     97.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     97.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     97.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     97.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     97.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     97.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     97.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     97.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     97.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     97.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     97.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     97.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     97.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     97.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     97.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     97.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                  4778      0.31%     98.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                 2453      0.16%     98.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead            24046      1.57%     99.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite             346      0.02%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass          1894767      2.69%      2.69% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu             53326216     75.73%     78.42% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                2864      0.00%     78.42% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                72395      0.10%     78.52% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            5049003      7.17%     85.69% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     85.69% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     85.69% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     85.69% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     85.69% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     85.69% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     85.69% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     85.69% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     85.69% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     85.69% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     85.69% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     85.69% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     85.69% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     85.69% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     85.69% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     85.69% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     85.69% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     85.69% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     85.69% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     85.69% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     85.69% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     85.69% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     85.69% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     85.69% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     85.69% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     85.69% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.69% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     85.69% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead             5087185      7.22%     92.92% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite            2506465      3.56%     96.48% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead        2480490      3.52%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite          1045      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total              70420430                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          2.306244                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                    1527633                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.021693                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads         158093071                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes        119286629                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     59206905                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads           15484579                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes          18585754                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      6833146                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses              62305895                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses                7747401                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads          199477                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      5879170                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses         3621                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          294                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores      1588222                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         3237                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked           24                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles               1412296                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles                6268701                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles                 8089                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts           89214685                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts            49129                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts              9488401                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts             3225795                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts             87868                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                  5382                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                  759                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           294                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        424619                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1350153                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts             1774772                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts             67269707                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts              6882375                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts          3150723                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                     9180618                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                 6156012                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                   2298243                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    2.203059                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                      66617858                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                     66040051                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                 48777890                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                 86352186                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      2.162788                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.564872                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts       48657684                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.commitNonSpecStalls            109                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts          1412143                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     23129330                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     1.753498                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     2.396609                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     10950755     47.35%     47.35% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2969558     12.84%     60.18% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      3335508     14.42%     74.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      1819366      7.87%     82.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       947636      4.10%     86.57% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       733687      3.17%     89.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       329829      1.43%     91.17% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       323311      1.40%     92.56% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      1719680      7.44%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     23129330                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts            18475937                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps              40557242                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                       5246804                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                      3609231                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                         60                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                   4238038                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                   3048280                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                 37927651                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls              360807                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass       702652      1.73%      1.73% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu        32256103     79.53%     81.26% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult           1571      0.00%     81.27% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv           47138      0.12%     81.38% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd       2302974      5.68%     87.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     87.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     87.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     87.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     87.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     87.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     87.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     87.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     87.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     87.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     87.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     87.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     87.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     87.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     87.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     87.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     87.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     87.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     87.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     87.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     87.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     87.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     87.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     87.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     87.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     87.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     87.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     87.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead        2875367      7.09%     94.15% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite       1637573      4.04%     98.19% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead       733864      1.81%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::total         40557242                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events              1719680                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                   110624576                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                  185979042                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                            226                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                           1384                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.committedInsts                   18475937                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                     40557242                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                              1.652673                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                        1.652673                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              0.605080                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        0.605080                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads                85577189                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes               50599738                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads                 10757205                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_writes                 6470507                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_reads                 35352229                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_writes                17680335                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads               21753808                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements            20813                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs             534433                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs            20813                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs            25.677846                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data         1024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           12                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          134                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          779                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           43                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           56                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         33121505                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses        33121505                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data      6607266                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        6607266                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data      1627994                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       1627994                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data      8235260                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total         8235260                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data      8235260                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total        8235260                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data        30104                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        30104                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data         9809                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         9809                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data        39913                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total         39913                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data        39913                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total        39913                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data   2229456000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2229456000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    925622000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    925622000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data   3155078000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   3155078000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data   3155078000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   3155078000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data      6637370                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      6637370                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data      1637803                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1637803                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data      8275173                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total      8275173                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data      8275173                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total      8275173                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.004536                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.004536                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.005989                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.005989                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.004823                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.004823                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.004823                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.004823                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 74058.463991                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 74058.463991                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94364.563156                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 94364.563156                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 79048.881317                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 79048.881317                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 79048.881317                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 79048.881317                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          203                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                9                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    22.555556                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        16342                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total            16342                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data        18555                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        18555                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data          527                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          527                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data        19082                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        19082                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data        19082                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        19082                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        11549                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        11549                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         9282                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         9282                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        20831                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        20831                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        20831                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        20831                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    971831000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    971831000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    872817500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    872817500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   1844648500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1844648500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   1844648500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1844648500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.001740                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001740                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.005667                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005667                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.002517                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002517                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.002517                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002517                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84148.497705                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84148.497705                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94033.344107                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 94033.344107                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 88553.045941                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 88553.045941                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 88553.045941                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 88553.045941                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements             2294                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse         1021.726055                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs             583111                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs             2294                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs           254.189625                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst  1021.726055                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.997779                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.997779                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1022                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           12                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            9                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         1001                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.998047                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses         26242623                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses        26242623                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst      6557696                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        6557696                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst      6557696                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total         6557696                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst      6557696                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total        6557696                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst         2382                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         2382                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu0.inst         2382                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total          2382                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu0.inst         2382                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total         2382                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     30515000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     30515000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     30515000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     30515000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     30515000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     30515000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst      6560078                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      6560078                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst      6560078                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total      6560078                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst      6560078                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total      6560078                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000363                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000363                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000363                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000363                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000363                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000363                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 12810.663308                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 12810.663308                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 12810.663308                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 12810.663308                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 12810.663308                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 12810.663308                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::writebacks         2294                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total             2294                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst           71                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           71                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst           71                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           71                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst           71                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           71                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst         2311                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         2311                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst         2311                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         2311                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst         2311                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         2311                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     27848000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     27848000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     27848000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     27848000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     27848000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     27848000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000352                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000352                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000352                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000352                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000352                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000352                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 12050.194721                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12050.194721                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 12050.194721                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12050.194721                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 12050.194721                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12050.194721                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu1.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                     18286                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                        16384                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                       19585                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                     18286                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      1.071038                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks       14.839934                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst        17.678736                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     16351.481330                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.000906                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst        0.001079                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.998015                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total                   1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           10                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          123                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         1142                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3        10313                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         4796                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                    387798                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                   387798                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks        16342                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total            16342                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks         2294                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total             2294                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu0.data                1                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total                    1                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data                42                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                    42                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu0.inst           2290                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total               2290                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data          2495                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total              2495                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.inst                 2290                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data                 2537                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                     4827                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.inst                2290                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data                2537                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                    4827                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu0.data             16                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::total                 16                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data            9223                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                9223                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu0.inst            3                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total                3                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data         9054                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total            9054                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.inst                  3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data              18277                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                  18280                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.inst                 3                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data             18277                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                 18280                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    857958500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     857958500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       282500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total       282500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    927813500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total    927813500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       282500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data   1785772000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total       1786054500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       282500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data   1785772000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total      1786054500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks        16342                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        16342                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks         2294                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total         2294                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu0.data           17                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total               17                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data          9265                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total              9265                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu0.inst         2293                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total           2293                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data        11549                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         11549                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst             2293                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data            20814                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total                23107                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst            2293                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data           20814                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total               23107                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.941176                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total        0.941176                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.995467                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.995467                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.001308                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.001308                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.783964                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.783964                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst        0.001308                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.878111                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.791102                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst       0.001308                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.878111                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.791102                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 93023.799198                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 93023.799198                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 94166.666667                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 94166.666667                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 102475.535675                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 102475.535675                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 94166.666667                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 97705.969251                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 97705.388403                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 94166.666667                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 97705.969251                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 97705.388403                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                15711                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                     15711                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks            2                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total             2                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data           16                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total            16                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         9223                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           9223                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            3                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         9054                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total         9054                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst             3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         18277                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total             18280                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            3                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        18277                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total            18280                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data       320000                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       320000                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    765738500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    765738500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       252500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       252500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    837273500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    837273500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       252500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   1603012000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1603264500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       252500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   1603012000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1603264500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.941176                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.941176                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.995467                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.995467                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.001308                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001308                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.783964                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.783964                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.001308                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.878111                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.791102                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.001308                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.878111                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.791102                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data        20000                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        20000                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 83024.883444                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 83024.883444                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 84166.666667                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84166.666667                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 92475.535675                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 92475.535675                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 84166.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 87706.516387                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 87705.935449                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 84166.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 87706.516387                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 87705.935449                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests         36576                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests        18299                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               9057                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        15711                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict             2569                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq               16                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq              9223                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp             9222                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq          9057                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port        54855                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total        54855                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  54855                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port      2175360                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total      2175360                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 2175360                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples             18296                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                   18296    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total               18296                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer4.occupancy           103974000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer4.utilization               0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           99170000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        46249                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests        23108                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests           77                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops              8                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            8                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp             13860                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        32053                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean         2294                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict            7046                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq              17                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp             17                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             9265                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp            9264                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq          2311                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        11549                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         6898                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        62474                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                 69372                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       293568                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      2377920                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total                2671488                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                           18304                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                   1006656                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples            41428                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.002076                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.045515                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                  41342     99.79%     99.79% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                     86      0.21%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total              41428                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy           41760500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy           3466500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy          31230495                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
