
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.015267                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 15267344125                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               10748210264000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                               59368636                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                111041270                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              144425406                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1248976                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   105.71                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  6275912251                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   11738274950                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.inst          19584                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data       10006208                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total           10025792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst        19584                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total         19584                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks      9928448                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total         9928448                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.inst             306                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data          156347                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total              156653                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks        155132                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total             155132                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.inst           1282738                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data         655399388                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             656682126                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst      1282738                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total          1282738                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks       650306164                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total            650306164                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks       650306164                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.inst          1282738                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data        655399388                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total           1306988291                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                      156653                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                     155132                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                    156653                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                   155132                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM               10025792                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                       0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                 9928768                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                10025792                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys              9928448                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                      0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0             10022                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1             10152                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2             10126                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3             10066                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4              9748                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5              9364                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6              9586                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7              9600                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8              9541                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9              9578                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10             9893                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11             9686                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12             9535                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13             9659                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14            10036                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15            10061                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0              9910                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1             10108                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2              9928                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3             10003                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4              9635                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5              9331                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6              9458                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7              9354                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8              9382                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9              9559                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10             9836                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11             9662                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12             9415                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13             9603                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14             9959                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15             9994                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   15267335000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                156653                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6               155132                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                  155757                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                     571                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                     220                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                      90                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                      13                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                     17                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                     21                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                   9617                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                   9652                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                   9683                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                   9696                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                   9712                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                   9704                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                   9696                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                   9694                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                   9698                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                   9701                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                   9703                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                   9714                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                   9716                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                   9711                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                   9695                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                   9697                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples        27391                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    728.517250                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   563.629371                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   362.504576                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127         2158      7.88%      7.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255         2469      9.01%     16.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383         1824      6.66%     23.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1613      5.89%     29.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639         1162      4.24%     33.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767         1508      5.51%     39.19% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1349      4.92%     44.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         1704      6.22%     50.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151        13604     49.67%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total        27391                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples         9691                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean      16.165308                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     16.115953                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev      1.558133                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4-7               6      0.06%      0.06% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::8-11             32      0.33%      0.39% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::12-15            89      0.92%      1.31% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::16-19          9381     96.80%     98.11% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::20-23           141      1.45%     99.57% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::24-27            22      0.23%     99.79% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::28-31             7      0.07%     99.87% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::32-35             1      0.01%     99.88% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::36-39             1      0.01%     99.89% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::40-43             3      0.03%     99.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::44-47             2      0.02%     99.94% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::48-51             4      0.04%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::52-55             1      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::76-79             1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total          9691                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples         9691                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      16.008358                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.007574                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.170691                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16             9663     99.71%     99.71% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::17                4      0.04%     99.75% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18                8      0.08%     99.83% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::19                7      0.07%     99.91% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::20                7      0.07%     99.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::22                2      0.02%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total          9691                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                   2887365250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat              5824609000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                  783265000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     18431.60                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                37181.60                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       656.68                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                       650.33                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    656.68                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                    650.31                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                        10.21                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     5.13                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    5.08                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.01                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      26.17                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                   143177                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                  141222                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 91.40                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                91.03                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                      48967.51                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    91.22                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                 98082180                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                 52131915                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy               561660960                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy              405734940                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         749246160.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy           1507171200                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             65512320                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy      2079237450                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy       325202880                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy       1578770460                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy             7422750465                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            486.184788                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime          11708782375                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE     50357500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     317510000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF   6384926375                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    846896000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    3107821750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   4559832500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                 97489560                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                 51816930                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy               556841460                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy              404080200                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         740641200.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy           1496332650                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             62090880                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy      2069061240                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy       299194560                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy       1609328940                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy             7387009590                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            483.843786                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime          11823542125                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE     41620250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     313912000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF   6507354000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    779122000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    3088231500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   4537104375                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups                1284858                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted          1284858                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect             6005                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups             1277272                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                   3491                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect               724                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectLookups        1277272                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectHits           1244511                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectMisses           32761                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu0.branchPredindirectMispredicted         4257                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                     346195                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                    1272162                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                          637                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                         2622                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                      47030                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                          254                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                   50                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                        30534689                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles             66946                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                       5625136                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                    1284858                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches           1248002                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                     30434849                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                  12578                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.TlbCycles                         4                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.cpu0.fetch.MiscStallCycles                 160                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles         1012                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           16                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                    46858                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes                 1735                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples          30509276                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             0.371900                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            1.635240                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                28863248     94.60%     94.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                   39459      0.13%     94.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                   42014      0.14%     94.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                  223891      0.73%     95.61% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                   26739      0.09%     95.69% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                    8195      0.03%     95.72% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                    8942      0.03%     95.75% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                   24648      0.08%     95.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                 1272140      4.17%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total            30509276                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.042079                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       0.184221                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                  405327                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles             28674930                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                   629067                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles               793663                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles                  6289                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts              11287388                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles                  6289                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                  677850                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles                 233654                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles         10892                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                  1149133                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles             28431458                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts              11256813                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents                 1187                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents                 18286                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LQFullEvents                  4686                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu0.rename.SQFullEvents              28141615                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands           14350482                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups             23790625                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups        12921622                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.fp_rename_lookups           307489                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps             14108927                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                  241555                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts               138                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts           149                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                  4878102                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads              355840                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores            1279234                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads            20423                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores           15048                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                  11201588                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded                764                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                 11144727                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued             1743                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined         156806                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       229535                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           654                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     30509276                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        0.365290                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       1.238842                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           27480890     90.07%     90.07% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1             472319      1.55%     91.62% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2             540819      1.77%     93.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3             347921      1.14%     94.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4             321468      1.05%     95.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5            1033284      3.39%     98.98% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6             117755      0.39%     99.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7             170375      0.56%     99.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8              24445      0.08%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       30509276                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                  72340     94.30%     94.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     94.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     94.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                  433      0.56%     94.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     94.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     94.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     94.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     94.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     94.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     94.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     94.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     94.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     94.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     94.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     94.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     94.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     94.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     94.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     94.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     94.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     94.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     94.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     94.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     94.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     94.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     94.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     94.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     94.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     94.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     94.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     94.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                   791      1.03%     95.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                  210      0.27%     96.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead             2770      3.61%     99.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite             169      0.22%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass             4045      0.04%      0.04% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu              9434114     84.65%     84.69% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                  88      0.00%     84.69% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                  280      0.00%     84.69% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd              83995      0.75%     85.44% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     85.44% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     85.44% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     85.44% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     85.44% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     85.44% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     85.44% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     85.44% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     85.44% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     85.44% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     85.44% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     85.44% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     85.44% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     85.44% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     85.44% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     85.44% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     85.44% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     85.44% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     85.44% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     85.44% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     85.44% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     85.44% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     85.44% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     85.44% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     85.44% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     85.44% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.44% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     85.44% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead              302348      2.71%     88.16% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite            1235374     11.08%     99.24% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead          46382      0.42%     99.66% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite         38101      0.34%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total              11144727                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          0.364986                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                      76713                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.006883                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads          52501224                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes         11152922                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     10939382                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads             375962                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            206416                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       184397                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses              11027769                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses                 189626                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads            2001                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        21863                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           60                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          190                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        11765                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           10                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked          481                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles                  6289                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles                  57640                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles               144608                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts           11202352                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts              815                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts               355840                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts             1279234                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts               340                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                   385                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents               144042                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           190                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect          1667                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         5979                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts                7646                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts             11130781                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts               346041                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts            13946                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                     1618186                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                 1260604                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                   1272145                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    0.364529                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                      11126742                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                     11123779                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                  8124860                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                 11375478                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      0.364300                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.714243                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts         156984                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.commitNonSpecStalls            110                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts             6155                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     30484174                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.362337                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.264080                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     27546364     90.36%     90.36% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       340420      1.12%     91.48% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       323282      1.06%     92.54% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      1119480      3.67%     96.21% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        69085      0.23%     96.44% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       697928      2.29%     98.73% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        72354      0.24%     98.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        22070      0.07%     99.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       293191      0.96%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     30484174                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts             5457702                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps              11045546                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                       1601446                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                       333977                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                         40                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                   1254577                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                    180782                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                 10948109                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls                1044                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass         2233      0.02%      0.02% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu         9359581     84.74%     84.76% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult             66      0.00%     84.76% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv             220      0.00%     84.76% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd         82000      0.74%     85.50% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     85.50% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     85.50% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.50% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.50% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     85.50% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     85.50% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.50% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     85.50% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.50% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     85.50% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     85.50% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     85.50% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     85.50% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     85.50% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.50% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.50% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.50% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     85.50% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.50% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.50% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.50% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.50% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.50% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     85.50% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.50% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.50% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.50% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead         289791      2.62%     88.13% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite       1229791     11.13%     99.26% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead        44186      0.40%     99.66% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite        37678      0.34%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::total         11045546                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events               293191                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                    41393513                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                   22430603                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                            243                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                          25413                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.committedInsts                    5457702                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                     11045546                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                              5.594789                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                        5.594789                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              0.178738                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        0.178738                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads                12718556                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes                8444328                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads                   286417                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_writes                  145593                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_reads                  6289802                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_writes                 5608629                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads                4146084                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements           156403                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs            1462934                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           156403                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs             9.353619                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data         1024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          104                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          920                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          6599351                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses         6599351                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data       339665                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         339665                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data      1112342                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       1112342                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data      1452007                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total         1452007                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data      1452007                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total        1452007                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data         3593                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         3593                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data       155137                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       155137                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data       158730                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total        158730                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data       158730                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total       158730                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    340918000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    340918000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13998463999                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  13998463999                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  14339381999                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  14339381999                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  14339381999                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  14339381999                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data       343258                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       343258                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data      1267479                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1267479                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data      1610737                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1610737                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data      1610737                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1610737                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.010467                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010467                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.122398                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.122398                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.098545                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.098545                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.098545                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.098545                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94883.940996                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 94883.940996                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 90232.916706                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 90232.916706                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 90338.196932                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 90338.196932                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 90338.196932                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 90338.196932                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        13874                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets          203                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs              139                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              2                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    99.812950                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets   101.500000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       155479                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total           155479                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data         2318                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         2318                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data            5                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data         2323                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         2323                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data         2323                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         2323                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         1275                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1275                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       155132                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       155132                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       156407                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       156407                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       156407                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       156407                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    136262000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    136262000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13842915499                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  13842915499                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13979177499                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  13979177499                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13979177499                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  13979177499                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.003714                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003714                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.122394                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.122394                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.097103                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.097103                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.097103                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.097103                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 106872.156863                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106872.156863                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 89233.140158                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 89233.140158                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 89376.930054                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 89376.930054                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 89376.930054                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 89376.930054                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements              568                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse         1019.999168                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs              10842                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs              568                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs            19.088028                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst  1019.999168                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.996093                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.996093                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1020                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          195                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          825                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.996094                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses           188004                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses          188004                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst        46156                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          46156                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst        46156                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total           46156                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst        46156                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total          46156                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst          702                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          702                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu0.inst          702                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total           702                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu0.inst          702                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total          702                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     45608999                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     45608999                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     45608999                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     45608999                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     45608999                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     45608999                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst        46858                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        46858                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst        46858                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total        46858                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst        46858                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total        46858                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.014981                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.014981                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.014981                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.014981                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.014981                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.014981                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 64970.084046                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 64970.084046                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 64970.084046                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 64970.084046                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 64970.084046                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 64970.084046                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           24                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           24                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::writebacks          568                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total              568                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst          130                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          130                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst          130                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          130                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst          130                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          130                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          572                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          572                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          572                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          572                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          572                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          572                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     37360000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     37360000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     37360000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     37360000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     37360000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     37360000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.012207                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.012207                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.012207                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.012207                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.012207                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.012207                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 65314.685315                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65314.685315                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 65314.685315                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65314.685315                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 65314.685315                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65314.685315                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu1.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                    157155                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                        16384                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                      156650                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                    157155                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      0.996787                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks       56.283533                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst        33.859861                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     16293.856606                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.003435                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst        0.002067                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.994498                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total                   1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          105                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          955                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         9536                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         5788                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                   2668523                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                  2668523                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks       155479                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total           155479                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks          567                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total              567                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu0.data                4                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total                    4                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data                19                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                    19                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu0.inst            262                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total                262                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data            37                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total                37                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.inst                  262                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data                   56                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                      318                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.inst                 262                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data                  56                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                     318                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data          155109                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total              155109                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu0.inst          306                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total              306                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data         1238                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total            1238                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.inst                306                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data             156347                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 156653                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.inst               306                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data            156347                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                156653                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13610024500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   13610024500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     33730500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total     33730500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    133897500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total    133897500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     33730500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13743922000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      13777652500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     33730500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13743922000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     13777652500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks       155479                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       155479                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks          567                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total          567                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu0.data            4                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total                4                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data        155128                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total            155128                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu0.inst          568                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total            568                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data         1275                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total          1275                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst              568                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data           156403                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               156971                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst             568                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data          156403                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              156971                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.999878                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.999878                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.538732                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.538732                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.970980                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.970980                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst        0.538732                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.999642                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.997974                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst       0.538732                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.999642                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.997974                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 87744.905196                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 87744.905196                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 110230.392157                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 110230.392157                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 108156.300485                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 108156.300485                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 110230.392157                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 87906.528427                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 87950.135012                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 110230.392157                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 87906.528427                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 87950.135012                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks               155133                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                    155133                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       155109                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total         155109                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          306                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total          306                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         1238                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total         1238                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst           306                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        156347                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            156653                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          306                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       156347                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           156653                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  12058924500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  12058924500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     30670500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     30670500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    121517500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    121517500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     30670500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  12180442000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  12211112500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     30670500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  12180442000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  12211112500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.999878                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999878                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.538732                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.538732                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.970980                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.970980                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.538732                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.999642                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.997974                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.538732                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.999642                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.997974                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 77744.840725                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77744.840725                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 100230.392157                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100230.392157                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 98156.300485                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98156.300485                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 100230.392157                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 77906.464467                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77950.071176                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 100230.392157                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 77906.464467                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77950.071176                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        313168                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       156533                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               1544                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       155132                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict             1383                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            155109                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           155109                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq          1544                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       469821                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total       469821                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 469821                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     19954240                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total     19954240                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                19954240                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            156653                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                  156653    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              156653                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer4.occupancy           934218500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer4.utilization               6.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy          823860500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              5.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       313950                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       156971                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests           95                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops            722                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops          722                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp              1847                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       310612                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean          568                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict            2946                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq               4                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp              4                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq           155128                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp          155128                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq           572                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         1275                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         1708                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       469217                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                470925                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        72704                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     19960448                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total               20033152                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                          157159                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                   9928768                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples           314134                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.002601                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.050932                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                 313317     99.74%     99.74% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                    817      0.26%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total             314134                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy          313022000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              2.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy            858000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy         234606500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             1.5                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
