
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.015267                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 15267344125                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               2992399448500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                               62991553                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                116603740                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              174673383                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1248976                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                    87.41                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  5505781708                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   10191760282                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.inst            256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data       11714688                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total           11714944                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst          256                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total           256                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks        68736                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total           68736                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.inst               4                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data          183042                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total              183046                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks          1074                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total               1074                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.inst             16768                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data         767303593                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             767320361                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst        16768                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total            16768                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks         4502158                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total              4502158                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks         4502158                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.inst            16768                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data        767303593                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            771822519                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                      183047                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                       1074                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                    183047                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                     1074                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM               11705664                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                    9280                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                   68800                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                11715008                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys                68736                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                    145                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     1                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0             11856                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1             11597                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2             11145                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3             11511                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4             11100                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5             11030                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6             11022                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7             10778                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8             10880                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9             10583                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10            10726                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11            11299                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12            12708                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13            12396                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14            12384                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15            11886                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0               128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1               128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2               128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3               128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4               106                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6                59                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7                14                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8                34                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12              281                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14                2                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15               67                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   15267378000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                183047                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                 1074                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                  140423                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                   39888                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                    2528                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                      63                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                     66                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                     67                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                     67                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                     67                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                     67                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                     67                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                     67                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                     67                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                     67                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                     67                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                     66                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                     66                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                     67                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                     68                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                     67                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                     67                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples        96850                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    121.586123                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   104.576906                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev    74.853647                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127        46630     48.15%     48.15% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255        40962     42.29%     90.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383         8120      8.38%     98.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511          962      0.99%     99.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639          115      0.12%     99.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767           19      0.02%     99.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895           12      0.01%     99.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           10      0.01%     99.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           20      0.02%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total        96850                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples           67                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean    2728.208955                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean   2634.915046                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    714.704443                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1280-1535            3      4.48%      4.48% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1536-1791            3      4.48%      8.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1792-2047            8     11.94%     20.90% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2048-2303            5      7.46%     28.36% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2304-2559            6      8.96%     37.31% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2560-2815           14     20.90%     58.21% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2816-3071            7     10.45%     68.66% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::3072-3327           11     16.42%     85.07% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::3328-3583            5      7.46%     92.54% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::3584-3839            1      1.49%     94.03% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4096-4351            3      4.48%     98.51% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4864-5119            1      1.49%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total            67                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples           67                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      16.044776                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.042662                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.271519                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16               65     97.01%     97.01% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::17                1      1.49%     98.51% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18                1      1.49%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total            67                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                   4563477750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat              7992871500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                  914505000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     24950.40                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    4999.97                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                43700.30                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       766.71                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                         4.51                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    767.32                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                      4.50                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         6.03                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     5.99                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.04                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.29                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      25.71                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                    86207                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                     929                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 47.13                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                86.58                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                      82920.35                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    47.36                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                340949280                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                181241610                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy               642878460                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy                3607020                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         1205309040.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy           1562800920                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             24809760                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy      5261176380                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy        91412160                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy                0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy             9314184630                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            610.072358                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime          11776570125                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE      9948000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     509666500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    238054000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    2971159500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  11538516125                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                350488320                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                186304140                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy               663034680                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy                2004480                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         1205309040.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy           1600369050                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             24236160                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy      5184202440                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy       125100480                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy                0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy             9341048790                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            611.831941                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime          11694023125                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE      9696000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     509860000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    326145250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    3053390750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  11368252125                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups                1827883                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted          1827883                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect            86938                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups             1365654                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                  73860                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect             10448                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectLookups        1365654                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectHits            758246                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectMisses          607408                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu0.branchPredindirectMispredicted        33998                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                     933684                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                     120641                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                       179231                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                         1861                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                    1481534                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                         5294                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                    0                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                        30534689                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles           1523781                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                       5686653                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                    1827883                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches            832106                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                     28830774                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                 177552                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.TlbCycles                      2978                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.cpu0.fetch.MiscStallCycles                1231                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles        43616                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                  1476241                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes                13638                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.ItlbSquashes                      5                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples          30491156                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             0.375619                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            1.544226                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                28346734     92.97%     92.97% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                   31547      0.10%     93.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                  676075      2.22%     95.29% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                   53519      0.18%     95.46% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                  153797      0.50%     95.97% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                   92373      0.30%     96.27% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                  113210      0.37%     96.64% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                   38703      0.13%     96.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                  985198      3.23%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total            30491156                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.059863                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       0.186236                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                  803076                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles             28134976                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                  1110021                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles               354307                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles                 88776                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts               9666393                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles                 88776                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                  922166                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles               26833068                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles         17308                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                  1263693                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles              1366145                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts               9259735                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents                74373                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents               1108557                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LQFullEvents                179013                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu0.rename.SQFullEvents                  3967                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands           11034187                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups             25363415                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups        12560652                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.fp_rename_lookups            93023                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps              4375325                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                 6658862                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts               273                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts           349                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                  2167384                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads             1534245                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores             166013                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads             8327                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores            7807                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                   8694494                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded               8317                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                  6502545                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued            11539                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined        5073626                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      9999917                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          8317                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     30491156                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        0.213260                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       0.870072                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           27996026     91.82%     91.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1             919785      3.02%     94.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2             518569      1.70%     96.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3             360513      1.18%     97.72% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4             347056      1.14%     98.85% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5             143026      0.47%     99.32% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6             118633      0.39%     99.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7              51453      0.17%     99.88% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8              36095      0.12%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       30491156                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                  24344     73.12%     73.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     73.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     73.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                 2740      8.23%     81.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     81.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     81.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     81.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     81.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     81.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     81.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     81.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     81.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     81.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     81.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     81.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     81.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     81.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     81.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     81.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     81.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     81.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     81.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     81.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     81.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     81.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     81.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     81.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     81.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     81.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     81.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     81.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                  5178     15.55%     96.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                  568      1.71%     98.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead              434      1.30%     99.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite              27      0.08%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            28481      0.44%      0.44% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu              5301681     81.53%     81.97% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                2498      0.04%     82.01% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                26546      0.41%     82.42% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd              34606      0.53%     82.95% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     82.95% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     82.95% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     82.95% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     82.95% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     82.95% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     82.95% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     82.95% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     82.95% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     82.95% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     82.95% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     82.95% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     82.95% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     82.95% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     82.95% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     82.95% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     82.95% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     82.95% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     82.95% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     82.95% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     82.95% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     82.95% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     82.95% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     82.95% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     82.95% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     82.95% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     82.95% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     82.95% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead              972582     14.96%     97.91% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite             128167      1.97%     99.88% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead           7921      0.12%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite            63      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total               6502545                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          0.212956                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                      33291                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.005120                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads          43452115                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes         13699892                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      6202838                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads              88961                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes             76548                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses        38612                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses               6461556                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses                  45799                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads           13721                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       923424                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          335                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            5                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        86164                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          142                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked          875                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles                 88776                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles               24627873                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles               268593                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts            8702811                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts             5066                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts              1534245                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts              166013                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts              2961                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                 18028                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                51054                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             5                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         44787                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        57010                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts              101797                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts              6368954                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts               932993                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts           133591                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                     1053611                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                  751692                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                    120618                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    0.208581                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                       6270725                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                      6241450                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                  4565047                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                  7514025                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      0.204405                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.607537                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts        5074231                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts            88774                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     29762580                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.121938                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     0.684061                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     28324575     95.17%     95.17% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       615349      2.07%     97.24% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       176253      0.59%     97.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       405295      1.36%     99.19% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        74944      0.25%     99.44% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        49627      0.17%     99.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        12444      0.04%     99.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         9874      0.03%     99.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        94219      0.32%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     29762580                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts             1820740                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps               3629185                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                        690670                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                       610821                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                    588242                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                     32458                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                  3596596                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls               14100                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass         9723      0.27%      0.27% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu         2876916     79.27%     79.54% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult            564      0.02%     79.56% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv           23656      0.65%     80.21% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd         27656      0.76%     80.97% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     80.97% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     80.97% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     80.97% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.97% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     80.97% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     80.97% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     80.97% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     80.97% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     80.97% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     80.97% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     80.97% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     80.97% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     80.97% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     80.97% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.97% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     80.97% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     80.97% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     80.97% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     80.97% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     80.97% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     80.97% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     80.97% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     80.97% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     80.97% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     80.97% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.97% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     80.97% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead         606019     16.70%     97.67% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite         79849      2.20%     99.87% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead         4802      0.13%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::total          3629185                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events                94219                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                    38371777                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                   18138326                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                            360                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                          43533                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.committedInsts                    1820740                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                      3629185                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                             16.770483                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                       16.770483                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              0.059629                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        0.059629                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads                 7021604                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes                5392702                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads                    67539                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_writes                   33767                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_reads                  3992276                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_writes                 1819581                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads                3166554                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements           275477                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs             500290                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           275477                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs             1.816086                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data         1024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          137                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          788                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           98                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          4244873                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses         4244873                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data       428904                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         428904                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data        78674                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         78674                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data       507578                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total          507578                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data       507578                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total         507578                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data       483596                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       483596                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data         1175                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         1175                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data       484771                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total        484771                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data       484771                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total       484771                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  33758218500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  33758218500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     87465000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     87465000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  33845683500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  33845683500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  33845683500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  33845683500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data       912500                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       912500                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data        79849                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        79849                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data       992349                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total       992349                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data       992349                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total       992349                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.529968                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.529968                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.014715                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.014715                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.488509                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.488509                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.488509                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.488509                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 69806.653694                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 69806.653694                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 74438.297872                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 74438.297872                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 69817.879989                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 69817.879989                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 69817.879989                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 69817.879989                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        25446                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs              859                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    29.622817                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         2696                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total             2696                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       209284                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       209284                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data           10                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       209294                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       209294                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       209294                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       209294                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       274312                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       274312                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         1165                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         1165                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       275477                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       275477                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       275477                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       275477                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18772275000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  18772275000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     85483000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     85483000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18857758000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  18857758000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18857758000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  18857758000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.300616                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.300616                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.014590                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.014590                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.277601                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.277601                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.277601                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.277601                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 68434.027677                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68434.027677                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 73375.965665                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 73375.965665                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 68454.927272                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68454.927272                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 68454.927272                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68454.927272                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements                4                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse                1021                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs            1527317                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs                4                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs         381829.250000                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst         1021                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.997070                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.997070                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1021                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         1018                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.997070                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses          5904968                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses         5904968                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst      1476236                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        1476236                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst      1476236                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total         1476236                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst      1476236                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total        1476236                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst            5                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total            5                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu0.inst            5                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total             5                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu0.inst            5                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total            5                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       509000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total       509000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       509000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total       509000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       509000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total       509000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst      1476241                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1476241                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst      1476241                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total      1476241                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst      1476241                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total      1476241                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000003                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000003                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000003                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       101800                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total       101800                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       101800                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total       101800                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       101800                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total       101800                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::writebacks            4                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total                4                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            4                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            4                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            4                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total            4                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            4                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total            4                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       403000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       403000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       403000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total       403000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       403000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total       403000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       100750                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       100750                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       100750                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       100750                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       100750                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       100750                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu1.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                    183075                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                        16384                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                      375027                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                    183075                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      2.048488                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks       12.690275                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst         0.295727                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     16371.013998                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.000775                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst        0.000018                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.999207                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total                   1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          131                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1         1163                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         9674                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         5402                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           14                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                   4589483                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                  4589483                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         2696                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total             2696                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks            4                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total                4                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data               385                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                   385                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data         92049                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total             92049                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data                92434                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                    92434                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data               92434                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                   92434                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data             780                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                 780                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu0.inst            4                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total                4                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data       182263                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total          182263                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.inst                  4                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data             183043                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 183047                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.inst                 4                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data            183043                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                183047                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     79506000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      79506000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       397000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total       397000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  17355388000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total  17355388000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       397000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  17434894000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      17435291000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       397000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  17434894000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     17435291000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         2696                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         2696                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks            4                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total            4                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data          1165                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total              1165                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu0.inst            4                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total              4                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data       274312                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        274312                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst                4                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data           275477                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               275481                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst               4                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data          275477                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              275481                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.669528                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.669528                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.664437                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.664437                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.664458                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.664463                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.664458                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.664463                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 101930.769231                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 101930.769231                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        99250                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total        99250                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 95221.674174                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 95221.674174                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        99250                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 95250.263599                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 95250.351003                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        99250                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 95250.263599                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 95250.351003                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                 1074                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                      1074                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks           24                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total            24                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          780                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            780                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            4                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total            4                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       182263                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total       182263                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst             4                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        183043                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            183047                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            4                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       183043                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           183047                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     71706000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     71706000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       357000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       357000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  15532758000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  15532758000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       357000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  15604464000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  15604821000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       357000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  15604464000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  15604821000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.669528                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.669528                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.664437                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.664437                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.664458                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.664463                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.664458                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.664463                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 91930.769231                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 91930.769231                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        89250                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        89250                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 85221.674174                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 85221.674174                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        89250                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 85250.263599                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 85250.351003                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        89250                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 85250.263599                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 85250.351003                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        366082                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       183046                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             182267                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         1074                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict           181961                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq               780                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp              780                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        182267                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       549129                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total       549129                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 549129                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     11783744                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total     11783744                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                11783744                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            183047                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                  183047    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              183047                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer4.occupancy           433409000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer4.utilization               2.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy          992229750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              6.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       550962                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       275481                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests          335                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops             64                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops           55                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            9                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp            274316                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         3770                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean            4                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict          454782                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             1165                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp            1165                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq             4                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       274312                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side           12                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       826431                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                826443                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side          512                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     17803072                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total               17803584                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                          183075                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                     68736                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples           458556                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.000890                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.030467                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                 458157     99.91%     99.91% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                    390      0.09%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      9      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total             458556                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy          278181000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              1.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy              6000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy         413215500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             2.7                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
