
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.015267                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 15267344125                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               4687074646375                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                               66026034                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                122493008                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              177886583                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1248976                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                    85.83                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  5666765840                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   10513115897                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data       12420736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total           12420736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks        32960                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total           32960                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data          194074                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total              194074                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks           515                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total                515                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data         813549226                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             813549226                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks         2158856                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total              2158856                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks         2158856                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data        813549226                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            815708082                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                      194073                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                        515                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                    194073                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                      515                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM               12414976                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                    5696                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                   32768                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                12420672                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys                32960                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                     89                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     2                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0             12191                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1             11573                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2             11911                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3             11858                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4             12113                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5             11938                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6             11859                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7             12021                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8             12123                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9             11857                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10            12057                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11            12125                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12            12905                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13            12431                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14            12567                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15            12455                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10               16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11               30                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12              176                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13               72                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14              128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15               90                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   15267313500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                194073                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                  515                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                  146144                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                   44511                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                    3275                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                      54                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                     32                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                     32                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                     32                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                     32                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                     32                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                     33                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                     32                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                     32                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                     32                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                     32                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                     32                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                     32                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                     32                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                     32                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                     32                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                     32                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples        97767                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    127.322471                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   109.386104                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev    76.758803                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127        43038     44.02%     44.02% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255        43984     44.99%     89.01% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383         9279      9.49%     98.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1301      1.33%     99.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639          129      0.13%     99.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767           13      0.01%     99.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895            6      0.01%     99.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023            4      0.00%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           13      0.01%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total        97767                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples           32                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean    6043.500000                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean   5910.621408                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev   1261.483817                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::3072-3583            1      3.12%      3.12% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::3584-4095            2      6.25%      9.38% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4096-4607            1      3.12%     12.50% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4608-5119            5     15.62%     28.12% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::5120-5631            3      9.38%     37.50% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::5632-6143            7     21.88%     59.38% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::6144-6655            3      9.38%     68.75% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::6656-7167            3      9.38%     78.12% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::7168-7679            2      6.25%     84.38% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::7680-8191            4     12.50%     96.88% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::8192-8703            1      3.12%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total            32                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples           32                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean             16                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.000000                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16               32    100.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total            32                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                   4754478000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat              8391678000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                  969920000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     24509.64                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                43259.64                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       813.17                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                         2.15                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    813.55                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                      2.16                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         6.37                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     6.35                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.32                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      25.39                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                    96279                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                     451                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 49.63                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                87.91                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                      78459.69                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    49.73                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                344969100                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                183351630                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy               681612960                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy                      0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         1205923680.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy           1603555920                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             24791520                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy      5193224400                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy       112344960                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy          2304180                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy             9352078350                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            612.554369                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime          11684936000                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE     10300000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     510132000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF      4997750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    292237000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    3061660500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  11388016875                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                353080140                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                187674135                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy               703432800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy                2672640                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         1205309040.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy           1644369060                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             24524160                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy      5171042850                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy        98842080                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy                0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy             9390946905                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            615.100231                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime          11598172250                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE      9576000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     509860000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    257580250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    3149706750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  11340621125                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups                1652045                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted          1652045                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect            69951                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups             1197660                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                  48854                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect              7396                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectLookups        1197660                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectHits            701056                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectMisses          496604                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu0.branchPredindirectMispredicted        22711                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                     772263                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                      56369                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                       151495                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                          951                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                    1368631                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                         4579                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                    0                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                        30534688                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles           1400530                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                       4841887                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                    1652045                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches            749910                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                     28960352                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                 143102                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.TlbCycles                      2135                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.cpu0.fetch.MiscStallCycles                1103                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles        41698                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                  1364052                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes                 8357                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.ItlbSquashes                      4                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples          30477369                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             0.319778                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            1.424640                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                28603014     93.85%     93.85% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                   20725      0.07%     93.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                  671098      2.20%     96.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                   27983      0.09%     96.21% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                  132522      0.43%     96.65% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                   70319      0.23%     96.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                   85987      0.28%     97.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                   24236      0.08%     97.24% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                  841485      2.76%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total            30477369                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.054104                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       0.158570                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                  698526                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles             28476120                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                   914988                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles               316184                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles                 71551                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts               8006393                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles                 71551                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                  793877                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles               27236752                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles         13233                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                  1056208                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles              1305748                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts               7675410                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents                75206                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents               1020236                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LQFullEvents                234610                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu0.rename.SQFullEvents                   562                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands            9165661                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups             21339438                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups        10118209                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.fp_rename_lookups            46133                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps              3221710                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                 5943952                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts               288                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts           362                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                  1991948                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads             1375713                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores              80231                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads             4165                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores            4730                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                   7277449                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded               4947                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                  5191726                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued             6321                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined        4598783                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      9601399                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          4947                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     30477369                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        0.170347                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       0.760027                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           28391908     93.16%     93.16% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1             803243      2.64%     95.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2             438791      1.44%     97.23% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3             297923      0.98%     98.21% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4             317294      1.04%     99.25% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5              95176      0.31%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6              81163      0.27%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7              29870      0.10%     99.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8              22001      0.07%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       30477369                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                  12294     69.23%     69.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     69.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     69.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                 1317      7.42%     76.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     76.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     76.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     76.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     76.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     76.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     76.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     76.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     76.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     76.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     76.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     76.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     76.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     76.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     76.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     76.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     76.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     76.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     76.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     76.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     76.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     76.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     76.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     76.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     76.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     76.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     76.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     76.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                  3675     20.70%     97.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                  250      1.41%     98.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead              185      1.04%     99.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite              36      0.20%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            17712      0.34%      0.34% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu              4276610     82.37%     82.71% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                 889      0.02%     82.73% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                11655      0.22%     82.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd              16822      0.32%     83.28% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     83.28% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     83.28% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     83.28% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     83.28% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     83.28% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     83.28% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     83.28% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     83.28% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     83.28% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     83.28% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     83.28% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     83.28% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     83.28% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     83.28% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     83.28% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     83.28% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     83.28% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     83.28% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     83.28% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     83.28% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     83.28% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     83.28% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     83.28% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     83.28% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     83.28% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     83.28% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     83.28% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead              804303     15.49%     98.77% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite              60091      1.16%     99.93% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead           3501      0.07%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite           143      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total               5191726                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          0.170027                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                      17757                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.003420                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads          40842078                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes         11841845                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      4972251                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads              42821                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes             39336                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses        18442                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses               5169752                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses                  22019                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads            5361                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       880070                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          189                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            3                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        45559                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           53                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked         1296                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles                 71551                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles               25365580                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles               271110                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts            7282396                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts             4426                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts              1375713                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts               80231                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts              1837                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                 18535                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                65884                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             3                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         38215                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        41101                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts               79316                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts              5098602                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts               771970                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts            93124                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                      828322                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                  598621                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                     56352                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    0.166977                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                       5009564                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                      4990693                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                  3705198                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                  5861917                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      0.163443                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.632080                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts        4599532                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts            71549                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     29828219                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.089969                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     0.563502                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     28691865     96.19%     96.19% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       517871      1.74%     97.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       124271      0.42%     98.34% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       330822      1.11%     99.45% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        64540      0.22%     99.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        35302      0.12%     99.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         6559      0.02%     99.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         5202      0.02%     99.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        51787      0.17%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     29828219                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts             1343901                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps               2683613                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                        530315                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                       495643                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                    471104                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                     13882                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                  2669602                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls                6125                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass         4157      0.15%      0.15% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu         2127015     79.26%     79.41% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult            245      0.01%     79.42% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv           10013      0.37%     79.80% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd         11868      0.44%     80.24% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     80.24% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     80.24% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     80.24% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.24% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     80.24% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     80.24% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     80.24% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     80.24% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     80.24% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     80.24% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     80.24% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     80.24% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     80.24% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     80.24% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.24% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     80.24% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     80.24% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     80.24% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     80.24% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     80.24% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     80.24% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     80.24% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     80.24% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     80.24% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     80.24% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.24% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     80.24% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead         493629     18.39%     98.63% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite         34672      1.29%     99.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead         2014      0.08%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::total          2683613                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events                51787                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                    37059577                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                   15217099                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                            426                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                          57319                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.committedInsts                    1343901                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                      2683613                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                             22.720936                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                       22.720936                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              0.044012                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        0.044012                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads                 5133605                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes                4344417                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads                    32760                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_writes                   16341                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_reads                  3167352                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_writes                 1377984                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads                2657619                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements           248471                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs             349984                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           248471                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs             1.408551                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data         1024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          130                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          828                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           66                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          3434423                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses         3434423                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data       318823                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         318823                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data        33637                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         33637                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data       352460                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total          352460                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data       352460                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total         352460                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data       442993                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       442993                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data         1035                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         1035                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data       444028                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total        444028                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data       444028                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total       444028                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  34968443000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  34968443000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     45268000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     45268000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  35013711000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  35013711000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  35013711000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  35013711000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data       761816                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       761816                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data        34672                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        34672                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data       796488                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total       796488                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data       796488                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total       796488                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.581496                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.581496                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.029851                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.029851                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.557482                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.557482                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.557482                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.557482                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 78936.784554                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 78936.784554                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 43737.198068                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 43737.198068                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 78854.736638                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 78854.736638                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 78854.736638                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 78854.736638                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        27692                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs             1050                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    26.373333                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         2474                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total             2474                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       195550                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       195550                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data            7                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       195557                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       195557                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       195557                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       195557                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       247443                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       247443                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         1028                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         1028                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       248471                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       248471                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       248471                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       248471                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19335443500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  19335443500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     43548500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     43548500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19378992000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  19378992000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19378992000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  19378992000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.324807                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.324807                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.029649                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.029649                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.311958                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.311958                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.311958                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.311958                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 78141.000150                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78141.000150                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 42362.354086                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 42362.354086                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 77992.973023                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77992.973023                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 77992.973023                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77992.973023                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse                1021                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst         1021                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.997070                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.997070                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1021                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         1021                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.997070                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses          5456208                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses         5456208                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst      1364052                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        1364052                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst      1364052                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total         1364052                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst      1364052                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total        1364052                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst      1364052                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1364052                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst      1364052                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total      1364052                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst      1364052                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total      1364052                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu1.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                    194080                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                        16384                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                      293210                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                    194080                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      1.510769                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks       12.843576                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     16371.156424                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.000784                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.999216                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total                   1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1         1095                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2        10408                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         4726                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           27                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                   4166848                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                  4166848                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         2474                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total             2474                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data               697                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                   697                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data         53701                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total             53701                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data                54398                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                    54398                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data               54398                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                   54398                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data             331                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                 331                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data       193742                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total          193742                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data             194073                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 194073                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data            194073                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                194073                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     34373000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      34373000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18369926000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total  18369926000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18404299000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      18404299000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18404299000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     18404299000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         2474                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         2474                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data          1028                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total              1028                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data       247443                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        247443                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data           248471                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               248471                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data          248471                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              248471                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.321984                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.321984                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.782976                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.782976                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.781069                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.781069                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.781069                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.781069                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 103845.921450                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 103845.921450                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94816.436292                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 94816.436292                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94831.836474                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 94831.836474                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94831.836474                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 94831.836474                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                  515                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                       515                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks            3                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total             3                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          331                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            331                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       193742                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total       193742                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        194073                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            194073                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       194073                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           194073                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     31063000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     31063000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16432506000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  16432506000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16463569000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  16463569000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16463569000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  16463569000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.321984                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.321984                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.782976                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.782976                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.781069                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.781069                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.781069                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.781069                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 93845.921450                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 93845.921450                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84816.436292                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84816.436292                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84831.836474                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84831.836474                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84831.836474                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84831.836474                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        388138                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       194072                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             193743                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          515                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict           193550                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq               331                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp              331                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        193742                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       582212                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total       582212                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 582212                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     12453696                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total     12453696                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                12453696                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            194073                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                  194073    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              194073                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer4.occupancy           457058500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer4.utilization               3.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         1049333000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              6.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       496942                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       248471                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests          631                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops             18                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops           17                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            1                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp            247443                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         2989                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict          439562                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             1028                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp            1028                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       247443                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       745413                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                745413                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     16060480                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total               16060480                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                          194080                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                     32960                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples           442551                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.001469                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.038355                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                 441902     99.85%     99.85% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                    648      0.15%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      1      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total             442551                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy          250945000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              1.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy         372706500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             2.4                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
