
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.015267                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 15267344125                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               6091670305875                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                               69962725                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                129991284                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              184798106                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1248976                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                    82.62                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  5780062838                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   10739403236                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data       12595712                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total           12595712                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks        25216                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total           25216                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data          196808                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total              196808                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks           394                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total                394                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data         825010028                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             825010028                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks         1651630                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total              1651630                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks         1651630                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data        825010028                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            826661658                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                      196807                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                        394                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                    196807                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                      394                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM               12592576                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                    3072                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                   24576                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                12595648                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys                25216                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                     48                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     4                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0             12054                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1             12182                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2             12266                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3             12185                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4             12317                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5             12388                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6             12269                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7             12323                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8             12148                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9             12282                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10            12215                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11            12235                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12            12679                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13            12610                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14            12354                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15            12252                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3                10                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8                91                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9               126                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12              136                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13               21                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   15267259000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                196807                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                  394                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                  148665                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                   45090                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                    2968                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                      36                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                     22                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                     24                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                     24                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                     24                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                     24                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                     24                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                     24                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                     24                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                     24                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                     25                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                     25                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                     25                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                     25                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                     25                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                     26                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                     25                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples        97626                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    129.246881                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   111.116246                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev    77.077826                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127        41493     42.50%     42.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255        44950     46.04%     88.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383         9698      9.93%     98.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1319      1.35%     99.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639          132      0.14%     99.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767           15      0.02%     99.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895            9      0.01%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023            1      0.00%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151            9      0.01%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total        97626                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples           24                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean    8242.833333                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean   8082.733331                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev   1652.729617                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::5120-5631            2      8.33%      8.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::5632-6143            1      4.17%     12.50% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::6144-6655            1      4.17%     16.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::6656-7167            3     12.50%     29.17% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::7168-7679            4     16.67%     45.83% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::7680-8191            1      4.17%     50.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::8192-8703            2      8.33%     58.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::8704-9215            1      4.17%     62.50% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::9216-9727            4     16.67%     79.17% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::9728-10239            3     12.50%     91.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::10240-10751            1      4.17%     95.83% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::11264-11775            1      4.17%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total            24                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples           24                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean             16                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.000000                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16               24    100.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total            24                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                   4776839250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat              8466070500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                  983795000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     24277.62                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                43027.62                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       824.80                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                         1.61                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    825.01                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                      1.65                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         6.46                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     6.44                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.32                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      25.90                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                    99187                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                     338                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 50.41                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                86.67                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                      77419.78                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    50.48                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                346975440                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                184437000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy               699612900                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy                  52200                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         1205309040.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy           1631823360                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             24141120                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy      5170150230                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy       110628000                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy                0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy             9373129290                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            613.933191                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime          11625606750                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE      9714000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     509619875                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    288466250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    3122403500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  11337140500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                350024220                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                186053670                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy               705253500                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy                1952280                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         1205309040.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy           1644925380                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             24545760                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy      5177042670                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy        93299040                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy                0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy             9388405560                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            614.933775                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime          11596331000                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE      9600000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     509860000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    243118250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    3151222000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  11353543875                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups                1436014                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted          1436014                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect            58352                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups             1156398                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                  39718                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect              5894                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectLookups        1156398                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectHits            613078                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectMisses          543320                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu0.branchPredindirectMispredicted        19569                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                     673689                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                      44658                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                       139923                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                          712                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                    1187620                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                         3604                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                    0                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                        30534688                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles           1214527                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                       4176366                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                    1436014                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches            652796                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                     29173339                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                 119036                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.TlbCycles                      2384                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.cpu0.fetch.MiscStallCycles                 880                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles        33572                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                  1184016                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes                 6504                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.ItlbSquashes                      4                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples          30484220                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             0.275662                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            1.324104                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                28852528     94.65%     94.65% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                   21524      0.07%     94.72% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                  593222      1.95%     96.66% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                   23191      0.08%     96.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                  118462      0.39%     97.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                   57283      0.19%     97.32% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                   78885      0.26%     97.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                   20764      0.07%     97.64% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                  718361      2.36%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total            30484220                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.047029                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       0.136774                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                  592421                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles             28774611                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                   767667                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles               290003                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles                 59518                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts               6894991                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles                 59518                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                  678095                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles               27609788                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles          9952                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                   898084                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles              1228783                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts               6617082                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents                59547                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents                977352                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LQFullEvents                202338                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu0.rename.SQFullEvents                   347                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands            7900191                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups             18420692                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups         8674252                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.fp_rename_lookups            34332                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps              2842052                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                 5058192                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts               183                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts           218                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                  1857998                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads             1190610                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores              65574                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads             3864                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores            4139                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                   6286501                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded               4010                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                  4502760                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued             5648                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined        3922840                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      8217564                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          4013                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     30484220                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        0.147708                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       0.698384                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           28607642     93.84%     93.84% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1             764175      2.51%     96.35% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2             395631      1.30%     97.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3             264287      0.87%     98.52% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4             269212      0.88%     99.40% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5              78028      0.26%     99.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6              65860      0.22%     99.87% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7              22766      0.07%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8              16619      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       30484220                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                   9732     66.93%     66.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     66.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     66.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                  996      6.85%     73.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     73.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     73.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     73.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     73.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     73.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     73.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     73.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     73.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     73.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     73.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     73.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     73.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     73.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     73.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     73.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     73.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     73.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     73.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     73.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     73.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     73.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     73.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     73.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     73.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     73.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     73.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     73.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                  3459     23.79%     97.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                  208      1.43%     99.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead              134      0.92%     99.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite              12      0.08%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            14229      0.32%      0.32% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu              3714528     82.49%     82.81% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                 950      0.02%     82.83% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                 8826      0.20%     83.03% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd              12532      0.28%     83.31% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     83.31% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     83.31% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     83.31% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     83.31% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     83.31% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     83.31% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     83.31% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     83.31% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     83.31% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     83.31% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     83.31% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     83.31% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     83.31% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     83.31% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     83.31% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     83.31% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     83.31% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     83.31% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     83.31% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     83.31% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     83.31% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     83.31% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     83.31% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     83.31% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     83.31% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     83.31% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     83.31% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead              700961     15.57%     98.87% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite              48121      1.07%     99.94% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead           2570      0.06%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite            43      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total               4502760                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          0.147464                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                      14541                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.003229                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads          39478300                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes         10183984                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      4322890                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads              31630                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes             29372                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses        13649                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses               4486781                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses                  16291                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads            4156                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       747383                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          126                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            6                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        39817                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           22                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked         1143                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles                 59518                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles               25852157                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles               257455                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts            6290511                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts             3716                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts              1190610                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts               65574                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts              1452                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                 17444                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                58040                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             6                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         31317                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        34380                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts               65697                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts              4425675                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts               673481                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts            77086                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                      718128                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                  532639                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                     44647                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    0.144939                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                       4350426                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                      4336539                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                  3183827                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                  5054039                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      0.142020                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.629957                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts        3923507                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts            59516                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     29932542                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.079102                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     0.516734                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     28898062     96.54%     96.54% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       478216      1.60%     98.14% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       115229      0.38%     98.53% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       311973      1.04%     99.57% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        53279      0.18%     99.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        27196      0.09%     99.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         5375      0.02%     99.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         3909      0.01%     99.87% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        39303      0.13%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     29932542                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts             1185442                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps               2367726                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                        468988                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                       443219                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                    423651                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                     10336                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                  2357270                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls                4550                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass         3128      0.13%      0.13% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu         1878998     79.36%     79.49% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult            182      0.01%     79.50% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv            7598      0.32%     79.82% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd          8832      0.37%     80.19% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     80.19% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     80.19% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     80.19% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.19% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     80.19% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     80.19% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     80.19% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     80.19% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     80.19% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     80.19% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     80.19% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     80.19% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     80.19% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     80.19% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.19% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     80.19% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     80.19% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     80.19% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     80.19% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     80.19% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     80.19% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     80.19% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     80.19% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     80.19% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     80.19% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.19% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     80.19% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead         441715     18.66%     98.85% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite         25769      1.09%     99.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead         1504      0.06%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::total          2367726                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events                39303                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                    36184472                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                   13135424                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                            369                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                          50468                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.committedInsts                    1185442                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                      2367726                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                             25.758062                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                       25.758062                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              0.038823                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        0.038823                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads                 4421147                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes                3765361                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads                    24185                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_writes                   12051                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_reads                  2807685                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_writes                 1204713                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads                2328295                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements           230397                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs             282111                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           230397                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs             1.224456                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data         1024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          131                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          779                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          114                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          2996801                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses         2996801                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data       256082                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         256082                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data        24857                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         24857                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data       280939                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total          280939                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data       280939                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total         280939                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data       409750                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       409750                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data          912                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          912                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data       410662                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total        410662                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data       410662                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total       410662                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  34647584500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  34647584500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     34117499                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     34117499                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  34681701999                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  34681701999                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  34681701999                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  34681701999                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data       665832                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       665832                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data        25769                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        25769                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data       691601                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total       691601                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data       691601                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total       691601                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.615395                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.615395                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.035391                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.035391                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.593785                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.593785                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.593785                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.593785                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84557.863331                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 84557.863331                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 37409.538377                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 37409.538377                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84453.156121                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 84453.156121                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84453.156121                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 84453.156121                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        18358                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs              797                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    23.033877                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         2217                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total             2217                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       180255                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       180255                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data           10                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       180265                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       180265                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       180265                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       180265                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       229495                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       229495                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          902                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          902                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       230397                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       230397                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       230397                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       230397                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19315158000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  19315158000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     32447499                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     32447499                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19347605499                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  19347605499                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19347605499                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  19347605499                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.344674                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.344674                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.035003                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.035003                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.333136                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.333136                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.333136                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.333136                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84163.742129                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84163.742129                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 35972.837029                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 35972.837029                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 83975.075626                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 83975.075626                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 83975.075626                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 83975.075626                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse                1021                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst         1021                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.997070                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.997070                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1021                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         1021                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.997070                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses          4736064                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses         4736064                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst      1184016                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        1184016                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst      1184016                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total         1184016                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst      1184016                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total        1184016                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst      1184016                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1184016                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst      1184016                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total      1184016                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst      1184016                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total      1184016                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu1.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                    196810                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                        16384                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                      255213                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                    196810                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      1.296748                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks       12.972685                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     16371.027315                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.000792                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.999208                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total                   1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          130                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1         1168                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2        10372                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         4685                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           29                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                   3880666                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                  3880666                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         2217                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total             2217                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data               655                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                   655                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data         32935                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total             32935                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data                33590                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                    33590                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data               33590                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                   33590                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data             247                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                 247                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data       196560                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total          196560                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data             196807                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 196807                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data            196807                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                196807                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     23906500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      23906500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18599363000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total  18599363000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18623269500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      18623269500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18623269500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     18623269500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         2217                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         2217                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data           902                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total               902                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data       229495                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        229495                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data           230397                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               230397                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data          230397                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              230397                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.273836                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.273836                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.856489                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.856489                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.854208                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.854208                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.854208                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.854208                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 96787.449393                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 96787.449393                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94624.353887                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 94624.353887                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94627.068651                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 94627.068651                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94627.068651                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 94627.068651                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                  394                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                       394                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          247                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            247                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       196560                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total       196560                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        196807                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            196807                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       196807                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           196807                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     21436500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     21436500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16633753000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  16633753000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16655189500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  16655189500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16655189500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  16655189500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.273836                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.273836                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.856489                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.856489                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.854208                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.854208                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.854208                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.854208                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 86787.449393                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 86787.449393                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84624.303012                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84624.303012                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84627.017840                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84627.017840                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84627.017840                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84627.017840                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        393609                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       196807                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             196561                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          394                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict           196408                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq               247                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp              247                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        196560                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       590417                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total       590417                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 590417                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     12620928                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total     12620928                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                12620928                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            196807                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                  196807    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              196807                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer4.occupancy           464239000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer4.utilization               3.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         1063350750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              7.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       460794                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       230395                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests          576                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops              7                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            6                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            1                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp            229495                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         2611                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict          424596                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq              902                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp             902                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       229495                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       691191                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                691191                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     14887296                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total               14887296                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                          196810                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                     25216                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples           427207                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.001362                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.036948                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                 426626     99.86%     99.86% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                    580      0.14%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      1      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total             427207                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy          232614000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              1.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy         345595500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             2.3                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
