
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.015267                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 15267344125                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               5664184670375                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                               76657859                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                142368022                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              203674886                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1248976                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                    74.96                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  5746223819                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   10671817393                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.inst            192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data       12390848                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total           12391040                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst          192                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total           192                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks        28160                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total           28160                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.inst               3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data          193607                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total              193610                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks           440                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total                440                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.inst             12576                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data         811591584                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             811604160                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst        12576                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total            12576                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks         1844460                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total              1844460                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks         1844460                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.inst            12576                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data        811591584                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            813448619                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                      193611                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                        440                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                    193611                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                      440                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM               12387712                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                    3392                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                   28672                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                12391104                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys                28160                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                     53                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     5                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0             11986                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1             12061                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2             11959                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3             12165                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4             12189                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5             12092                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6             12091                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7             11943                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8             12062                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9             11798                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10            11695                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11            12078                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12            12369                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13            12397                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14            12309                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15            12364                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1                13                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3                17                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4               128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5               112                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8                26                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12              152                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   15267341500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                193611                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                  440                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                  148946                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                   42466                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                    2122                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                      23                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                     28                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                     27                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                     27                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                     27                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                     27                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                     27                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                     27                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                     27                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                     27                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                     27                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                     27                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                     27                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                     27                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                     27                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                     28                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                     28                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples        96895                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    128.141349                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   110.207510                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev    76.435346                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127        41927     43.27%     43.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255        44130     45.54%     88.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383         9441      9.74%     98.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1257      1.30%     99.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639          111      0.11%     99.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767           11      0.01%     99.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895            3      0.00%     99.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023            5      0.01%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           10      0.01%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total        96895                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples           28                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean    7223.714286                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean   7095.291372                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev   1331.729476                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4096-4607            2      7.14%      7.14% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4608-5119            1      3.57%     10.71% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::5120-5631            1      3.57%     14.29% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::6144-6655            4     14.29%     28.57% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::6656-7167            5     17.86%     46.43% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::7168-7679            2      7.14%     53.57% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::7680-8191            9     32.14%     85.71% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::8192-8703            1      3.57%     89.29% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::8704-9215            2      7.14%     96.43% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::9728-10239            1      3.57%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total            28                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples           28                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean             16                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.000000                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16               28    100.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total            28                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                   4666827250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat              8296039750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                  967790000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     24110.74                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                42860.74                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       811.39                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                         1.88                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    811.61                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                      1.84                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         6.35                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     6.34                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.30                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      25.50                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                    96725                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                     387                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 49.97                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                88.97                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                      78676.95                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    50.06                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                345818760                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                183810825                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy               688910040                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy                1409400                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         1205923680.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy           1625930130                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             24276960                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy      5116875750                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy       160119840                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy     621840.000000                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy             9353697225                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            612.660404                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime          11638048500                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE      9779750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     510126000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF       290500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    417296250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    3109389875                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  11220461750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                346011540                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                183905700                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy               693101220                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy                 929160                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         1205309040.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy           1633836600                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             24779040                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy      5133951810                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy       136757280                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy          1760940                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy             9360342330                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            613.095654                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime          11620373750                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE     10236000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     509866000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF      5036250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    355948750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    3126781250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  11259475875                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups                1142735                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted          1142735                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect            40385                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups              832719                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                  27830                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect              4119                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectLookups         832719                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectHits            508383                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectMisses          324336                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu0.branchPredindirectMispredicted        12297                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                     591498                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                      45870                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                       143595                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                          584                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                     994040                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                         2078                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                    1                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                        30534688                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles           1012129                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                       3317203                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                    1142735                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches            536213                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                     29431087                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                  82156                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.TlbCycles                       521                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.cpu0.fetch.MiscStallCycles                 519                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles        19957                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                   991962                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes                 4646                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.ItlbSquashes                      1                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples          30505291                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             0.218211                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            1.174122                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                29181229     95.66%     95.66% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                   13255      0.04%     95.70% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                  507303      1.66%     97.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                   21404      0.07%     97.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                  100611      0.33%     97.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                   39618      0.13%     97.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                   77885      0.26%     98.15% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                   15219      0.05%     98.20% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                  548767      1.80%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total            30505291                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.037424                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       0.108637                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                  462191                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles             29155018                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                   570463                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles               276541                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles                 41078                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts               5611534                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles                 41078                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                  539418                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles               28069440                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles          6378                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                   701177                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles              1147800                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts               5418838                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents                38479                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents                984775                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LQFullEvents                100852                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu0.rename.SQFullEvents                   876                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands            6484261                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups             15141536                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups         7093200                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.fp_rename_lookups            35440                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps              2886373                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                 3597845                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts               181                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts           216                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                  1800766                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads              965760                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores              63488                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads             4020                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores            3870                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                   5189824                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded               3346                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                  3889497                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued             5653                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined        2796590                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      5953299                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          3345                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     30505291                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        0.127502                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       0.637339                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           28801138     94.41%     94.41% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1             735048      2.41%     96.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2             374132      1.23%     98.05% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3             252045      0.83%     98.88% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4             198582      0.65%     99.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5              59130      0.19%     99.72% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6              51340      0.17%     99.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7              18976      0.06%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8              14900      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       30505291                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                   9504     70.65%     70.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     70.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     70.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                  990      7.36%     78.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     78.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     78.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     78.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     78.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     78.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     78.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     78.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     78.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     78.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     78.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     78.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     78.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     78.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     78.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     78.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     78.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     78.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     78.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     78.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     78.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     78.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     78.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     78.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     78.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     78.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     78.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                  2568     19.09%     97.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                  197      1.46%     98.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead              165      1.23%     99.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite              29      0.22%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            10993      0.28%      0.28% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu              3195362     82.15%     82.44% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                 967      0.02%     82.46% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                 9537      0.25%     82.71% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd              12690      0.33%     83.03% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     83.03% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     83.03% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     83.03% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     83.03% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     83.03% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     83.03% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     83.03% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     83.03% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     83.03% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     83.03% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     83.03% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     83.03% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     83.03% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     83.03% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     83.03% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     83.03% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     83.03% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     83.03% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     83.03% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     83.03% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     83.03% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     83.03% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     83.03% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     83.03% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     83.03% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     83.03% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     83.03% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead              608218     15.64%     98.67% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite              48708      1.25%     99.92% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead           2940      0.08%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite            82      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total               3889497                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          0.127380                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                      13453                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.003459                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads          38270573                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes          7959293                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      3761614                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads              32818                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes             30470                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses        14074                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses               3875059                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses                  16898                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads            5002                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       524937                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          101                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            3                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        35245                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           34                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked         1416                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles                 41078                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles               26627227                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles               230591                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts            5193170                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts             2002                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts               965760                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts               63488                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts              1237                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                  9820                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                25419                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             3                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         23858                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        21974                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts               45832                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts              3837695                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts               591262                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts            51802                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                      637124                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                  497669                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                     45862                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    0.125683                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                       3785709                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                      3775688                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                  2668290                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                  4437940                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      0.123652                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.601245                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts        2796892                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.commitNonSpecStalls              1                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts            41077                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     30118300                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.079571                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     0.515669                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     29062438     96.49%     96.49% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       482064      1.60%     98.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       128381      0.43%     98.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       332333      1.10%     99.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        40819      0.14%     99.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        22703      0.08%     99.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         4456      0.01%     99.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         3658      0.01%     99.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        41448      0.14%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     30118300                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts             1201390                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps               2396542                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                        469062                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                       440830                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                    425633                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                     11344                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                  2385009                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls                5004                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass         3484      0.15%      0.15% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu         1905564     79.51%     79.66% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult            200      0.01%     79.67% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv            8536      0.36%     80.02% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd          9696      0.40%     80.43% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     80.43% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     80.43% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     80.43% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.43% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     80.43% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     80.43% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     80.43% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     80.43% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     80.43% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     80.43% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     80.43% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     80.43% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     80.43% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     80.43% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.43% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     80.43% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     80.43% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     80.43% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     80.43% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     80.43% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     80.43% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     80.43% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     80.43% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     80.43% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     80.43% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.43% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     80.43% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead         439182     18.33%     98.75% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite         28232      1.18%     99.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead         1648      0.07%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::total          2396542                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events                41448                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                    35270286                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                   10774931                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                            230                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                          29397                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.committedInsts                    1201390                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                      2396542                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                             25.416133                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                       25.416133                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              0.039345                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        0.039345                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads                 4027305                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes                3239049                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads                    24798                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_writes                   12378                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_reads                  2685580                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_writes                 1124647                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads                2023954                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements           232769                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs             209571                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           232769                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs             0.900339                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data         1024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          152                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          837                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           35                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          2676173                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses         2676173                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data       182101                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         182101                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data        27305                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         27305                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data       209406                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total          209406                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data       209406                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total         209406                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data       400518                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       400518                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data          927                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          927                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data       401445                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total        401445                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data       401445                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total       401445                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  33134081500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  33134081500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     37521499                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     37521499                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  33171602999                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  33171602999                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  33171602999                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  33171602999                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data       582619                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       582619                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data        28232                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        28232                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data       610851                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total       610851                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data       610851                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total       610851                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.687444                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.687444                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.032835                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.032835                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.657190                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.657190                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.657190                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.657190                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 82728.070898                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 82728.070898                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 40476.266451                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 40476.266451                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 82630.504799                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 82630.504799                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 82630.504799                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 82630.504799                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        16697                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs              758                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    22.027704                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         2356                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total             2356                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       168673                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       168673                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data            2                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       168675                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       168675                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       168675                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       168675                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       231845                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       231845                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          925                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          925                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       232770                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       232770                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       232770                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       232770                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19045427000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  19045427000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     36407499                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     36407499                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19081834499                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  19081834499                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19081834499                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  19081834499                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.397936                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.397936                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.032764                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.032764                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.381059                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.381059                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.381059                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.381059                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 82147.240613                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 82147.240613                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 39359.458378                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 39359.458378                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 81977.207110                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81977.207110                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 81977.207110                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81977.207110                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements                3                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse                1021                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs                475                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs                3                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs           158.333333                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst         1021                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.997070                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.997070                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1021                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         1018                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.997070                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses          3967851                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses         3967851                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst       991958                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         991958                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst       991958                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total          991958                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst       991958                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total         991958                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst            4                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total            4                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu0.inst            4                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total             4                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu0.inst            4                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total            4                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       465500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total       465500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       465500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total       465500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       465500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total       465500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst       991962                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       991962                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst       991962                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total       991962                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst       991962                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total       991962                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       116375                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total       116375                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       116375                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total       116375                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       116375                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total       116375                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::writebacks            3                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total                3                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            3                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            3                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       331500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       331500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       331500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total       331500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       331500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total       331500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       110500                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       110500                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       110500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       110500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       110500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       110500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu1.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                    193617                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                        16384                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                      273657                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                    193617                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      1.413393                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks       13.169984                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst         0.216192                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     16370.613824                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.000804                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst        0.000013                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.999183                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total                   1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          125                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1         1115                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2        10510                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         4604                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           30                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                   3914993                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                  3914993                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         2356                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total             2356                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks            3                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total                3                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data               644                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                   644                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data         38518                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total             38518                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data                39162                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                    39162                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data               39162                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                   39162                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data             281                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                 281                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu0.inst            3                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total                3                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data       193327                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total          193327                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.inst                  3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data             193608                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 193611                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.inst                 3                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data            193608                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                193611                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     27952500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      27952500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       327000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total       327000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18264873000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total  18264873000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       327000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18292825500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      18293152500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       327000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18292825500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     18293152500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         2356                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         2356                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks            3                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total            3                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data           925                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total               925                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu0.inst            3                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total              3                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data       231845                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        231845                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst                3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data           232770                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               232773                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst               3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data          232770                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              232773                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.303784                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.303784                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.833863                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.833863                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.831757                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.831759                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.831757                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.831759                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 99475.088968                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 99475.088968                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       109000                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total       109000                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94476.575957                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 94476.575957                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       109000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94483.830730                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 94484.055658                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       109000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94483.830730                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 94484.055658                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                  440                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                       440                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks            1                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total             1                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          281                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            281                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            3                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       193327                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total       193327                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst             3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        193608                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            193611                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            3                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       193608                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           193611                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     25142500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     25142500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       297000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       297000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16331613000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  16331613000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       297000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16356755500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  16357052500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       297000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16356755500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  16357052500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.303784                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.303784                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.833863                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.833863                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.831757                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.831759                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.831757                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.831759                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 89475.088968                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 89475.088968                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        99000                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        99000                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84476.627683                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84476.627683                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        99000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84483.882381                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84484.107308                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        99000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84483.882381                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84484.107308                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        387216                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       193610                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             193329                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          440                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict           193165                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq               281                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp              281                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        193330                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       580826                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total       580826                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 580826                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     12419200                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total     12419200                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                12419200                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            193611                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                  193611    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              193611                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer4.occupancy           459548000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer4.utilization               3.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         1046569000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              6.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       465545                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       232773                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests          640                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops             13                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops           13                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp            231847                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         2796                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean            3                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict          423590                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq              925                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp             925                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq             3                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       231845                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side            9                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       698308                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                698317                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side          384                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     15048000                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total               15048384                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                          193617                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                     28160                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples           426390                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.001534                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.039134                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                 425736     99.85%     99.85% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                    654      0.15%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total             426390                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy          235131500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              1.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy              4500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy         349153500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             2.3                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
