
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.015267                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 15267344125                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               3068736169125                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                               63509381                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                117576956                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              175823963                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1248976                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                    86.83                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  5514715920                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   10209572698                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.inst             64                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data       11779904                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total           11779968                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst           64                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total            64                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks        64640                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total           64640                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.inst               1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data          184061                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total              184062                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks          1010                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total               1010                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.inst              4192                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data         771575194                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             771579386                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst         4192                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total             4192                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks         4233873                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total              4233873                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks         4233873                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.inst             4192                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data        771575194                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            775813259                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                      184061                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                       1010                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                    184061                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                     1010                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM               11771264                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                    8640                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                   64256                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                11779904                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys                64640                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                    135                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0             11039                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1             11298                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2             10910                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3             11229                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4             11112                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5             11129                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6             11476                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7             11233                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8             11354                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9             11127                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10            11385                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11            11842                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12            12746                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13            12636                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14            11988                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15            11422                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9               121                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10              116                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11              128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12              386                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13              128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14              111                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15               14                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   15267293000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                184061                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                 1010                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                  141113                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                   40194                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                    2559                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                      60                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                      6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                      6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                     62                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                     62                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                     62                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                     62                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                     62                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                     62                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                     62                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                     62                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                     63                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                     63                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                     63                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                     63                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                     63                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                     63                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                     62                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                     62                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples        97145                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    121.846724                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   104.897114                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev    74.495997                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127        46346     47.71%     47.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255        41484     42.70%     90.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383         8200      8.44%     98.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511          960      0.99%     99.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639           90      0.09%     99.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767           24      0.02%     99.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895           21      0.02%     99.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023            6      0.01%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           14      0.01%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total        97145                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples           62                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean    2944.919355                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean   2847.863178                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    785.120839                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1536-1791            1      1.61%      1.61% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1792-2047            7     11.29%     12.90% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2048-2303            5      8.06%     20.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2304-2559            8     12.90%     33.87% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2560-2815            9     14.52%     48.39% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2816-3071           11     17.74%     66.13% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::3072-3327            4      6.45%     72.58% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::3328-3583            5      8.06%     80.65% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::3584-3839            4      6.45%     87.10% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::3840-4095            4      6.45%     93.55% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4352-4607            1      1.61%     95.16% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4864-5119            3      4.84%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total            62                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples           62                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      16.193548                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.183417                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.596127                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16               56     90.32%     90.32% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18                6      9.68%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total            62                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                   4573149250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat              8021761750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                  919630000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     24864.07                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                43614.07                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       771.01                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                         4.21                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    771.58                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                      4.23                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         6.06                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     6.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.03                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.30                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      25.34                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                    86916                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                     876                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 47.26                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                86.73                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                      82494.25                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    47.47                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                335765640                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                178467465                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy               638501640                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy                      0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         1205309040.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy           1539599070                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             24767520                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy      5232456930                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy       135108960                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy                0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy             9289976265                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            608.486728                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime          11827228500                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE      9846000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     509860000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    352038500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    2920373750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  11475225875                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                357799680                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                190197810                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy               674737140                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy                5240880                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         1205309040.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy           1626794820                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             24180000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy      5196510450                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy        92539200                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy                0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy             9373309020                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            613.944963                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime          11635502250                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE      9618000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     509860000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    241301250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    3111531250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  11395033625                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups                1822008                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted          1822008                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect            90171                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups             1443010                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                  76410                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect             10873                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectLookups        1443010                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectHits            747418                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectMisses          695592                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu0.branchPredindirectMispredicted        36181                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                     931674                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                     119846                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                       175003                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                         1860                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                    1455038                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                         6756                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                    0                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                        30534688                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles           1498075                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                       5697188                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                    1822008                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches            823828                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                     28811124                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                 184554                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.TlbCycles                      3998                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.cpu0.fetch.MiscStallCycles                1480                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles        59669                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                  1448283                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes                14127                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.ItlbSquashes                     10                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples          30466623                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             0.376779                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            1.547795                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                28325455     92.97%     92.97% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                   37211      0.12%     93.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                  657438      2.16%     95.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                   54948      0.18%     95.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                  153106      0.50%     95.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                   97294      0.32%     96.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                  112480      0.37%     96.62% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                   41064      0.13%     96.76% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                  987627      3.24%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total            30466623                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.059670                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       0.186581                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                  804637                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles             28106275                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                  1110604                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles               352830                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles                 92277                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts               9663085                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles                 92277                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                  925017                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles               26765604                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles         22513                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                  1261914                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles              1399298                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts               9244171                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents                90060                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents               1097308                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LQFullEvents                224243                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu0.rename.SQFullEvents                  2533                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands           10994040                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups             25218019                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups        12543562                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.fp_rename_lookups            82340                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps              4211135                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                 6782905                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts               341                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts           433                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                  2150822                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads             1523911                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores             170099                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads             8548                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores            8119                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                   8660871                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded               8849                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                  6475381                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued            11964                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined        5178750                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      9980567                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          8849                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     30466623                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        0.212540                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       0.867942                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           27975077     91.82%     91.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1             928288      3.05%     94.87% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2             511697      1.68%     96.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3             356133      1.17%     97.72% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4             346071      1.14%     98.85% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5             145596      0.48%     99.33% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6             117644      0.39%     99.72% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7              51764      0.17%     99.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8              34353      0.11%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       30466623                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                  23665     72.86%     72.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     72.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     72.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                 2487      7.66%     80.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     80.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     80.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     80.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     80.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     80.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     80.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     80.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     80.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     80.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     80.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     80.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     80.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     80.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     80.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     80.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     80.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     80.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     80.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     80.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     80.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     80.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     80.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     80.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     80.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     80.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     80.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                  5419     16.68%     97.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                  509      1.57%     98.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead              383      1.18%     99.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite              19      0.06%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            30333      0.47%      0.47% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu              5278099     81.51%     81.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                2842      0.04%     82.02% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                24654      0.38%     82.40% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd              30542      0.47%     82.87% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     82.87% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     82.87% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     82.87% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     82.87% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     82.87% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     82.87% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     82.87% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     82.87% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     82.87% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     82.87% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     82.87% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     82.87% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     82.87% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     82.87% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     82.87% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     82.87% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     82.87% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     82.87% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     82.87% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     82.87% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     82.87% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     82.87% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     82.87% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     82.87% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     82.87% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     82.87% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     82.87% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead              973350     15.03%     97.91% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite             128375      1.98%     99.89% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead           7139      0.11%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite            47      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total               6475381                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          0.212066                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                      32482                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.005016                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads          43383018                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes         13780582                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      6168171                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads              78813                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes             67892                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses        34061                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses               6436911                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses                  40619                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads           11611                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       933323                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          313                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            8                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        97479                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           90                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked         1141                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles                 92277                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles               24385184                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles               278658                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts            8669720                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts             5759                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts              1523911                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts              170099                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts              3173                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                 19845                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                63185                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             8                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         45001                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        61133                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts              106134                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts              6332913                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts               931075                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts           142468                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                     1050901                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                  746509                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                    119826                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    0.207401                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                       6232085                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                      6202232                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                  4531850                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                  7428451                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      0.203121                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.610067                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts        5179529                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts            92274                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     29718890                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.117466                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     0.667118                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     28322117     95.30%     95.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       601083      2.02%     97.32% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       170742      0.57%     97.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       397345      1.34%     99.23% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        72944      0.25%     99.48% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        45952      0.15%     99.63% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        12709      0.04%     99.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         9406      0.03%     99.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        86592      0.29%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     29718890                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts             1751076                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps               3490970                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                        663208                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                       590588                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                    570753                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                     29162                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                  3461390                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls               12850                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass         8894      0.25%      0.25% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu         2771732     79.40%     79.65% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult            514      0.01%     79.67% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv           21698      0.62%     80.29% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd         24924      0.71%     81.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     81.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     81.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     81.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     81.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     81.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     81.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     81.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     81.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     81.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     81.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     81.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     81.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     81.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     81.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     81.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     81.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     81.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     81.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     81.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     81.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     81.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     81.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     81.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     81.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     81.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     81.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     81.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead         586350     16.80%     97.80% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite         72620      2.08%     99.88% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead         4238      0.12%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::total          3490970                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events                86592                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                    38302797                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                   18091872                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                            541                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                          68065                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.committedInsts                    1751076                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                      3490970                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                             17.437671                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                       17.437671                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              0.057347                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        0.057347                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads                 6959684                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes                5358752                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads                    59593                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_writes                   29795                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_reads                  3915312                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_writes                 1802334                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads                3149125                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements           270846                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs             513314                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           270846                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs             1.895225                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data         1024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          133                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          811                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           80                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          4212634                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses         4212634                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data       434452                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         434452                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data        71504                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         71504                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data       505956                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total          505956                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data       505956                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total         505956                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data       478375                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       478375                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data         1116                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         1116                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data       479491                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total        479491                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data       479491                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total       479491                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  33899534000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  33899534000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     81061500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     81061500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  33980595500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  33980595500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  33980595500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  33980595500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data       912827                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       912827                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data        72620                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        72620                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data       985447                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total       985447                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data       985447                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total       985447                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.524059                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.524059                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.015368                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.015368                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.486572                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.486572                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.486572                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.486572                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 70863.933107                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 70863.933107                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 72635.752688                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 72635.752688                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 70868.056960                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 70868.056960                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 70868.056960                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 70868.056960                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        27612                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs              882                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    31.306122                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         2563                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total             2563                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       208633                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       208633                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       208645                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       208645                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       208645                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       208645                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       269742                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       269742                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         1104                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         1104                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       270846                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       270846                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       270846                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       270846                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18791673000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  18791673000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     78896000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     78896000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18870569000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  18870569000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18870569000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  18870569000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.295502                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.295502                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.015202                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.015202                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.274846                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.274846                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.274846                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.274846                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 69665.358009                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69665.358009                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 71463.768116                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71463.768116                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 69672.688539                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69672.688539                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 69672.688539                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69672.688539                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements                1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse                1021                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs                  1                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs                1                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs                    1                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst         1021                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.997070                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.997070                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1021                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         1021                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.997070                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses          5793133                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses         5793133                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst      1448282                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        1448282                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst      1448282                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total         1448282                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst      1448282                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total        1448282                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total            1                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu0.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total             1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu0.inst            1                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total            1                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       106500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total       106500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       106500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total       106500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       106500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total       106500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst      1448283                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1448283                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst      1448283                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total      1448283                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst      1448283                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total      1448283                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000001                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000001                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000001                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       106500                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total       106500                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       106500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total       106500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       106500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total       106500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::writebacks            1                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total                1                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            1                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       105500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       105500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       105500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total       105500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       105500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total       105500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       105500                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       105500                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       105500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       105500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       105500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       105500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu1.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                    184094                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                        16384                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                      362456                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                    184094                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      1.968864                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks       12.470513                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst         0.090517                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     16371.438970                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.000761                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst        0.000006                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.999233                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total                   1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          121                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1         1115                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         9755                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         5381                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           12                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                   4516182                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                  4516182                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         2563                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total             2563                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks            1                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total                1                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data               394                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                   394                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data         86392                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total             86392                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data                86786                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                    86786                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data               86786                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                   86786                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data             710                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                 710                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu0.inst            1                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total                1                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data       183350                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total          183350                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.inst                  1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data             184060                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 184061                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.inst                 1                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data            184060                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                184061                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     72950000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      72950000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       104000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total       104000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  17443166000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total  17443166000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       104000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  17516116000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      17516220000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       104000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  17516116000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     17516220000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         2563                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         2563                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks            1                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total            1                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data          1104                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total              1104                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu0.inst            1                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total              1                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data       269742                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        269742                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst                1                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data           270846                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               270847                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst               1                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data          270846                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              270847                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.643116                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.643116                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.679724                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.679724                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.679574                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.679576                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.679574                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.679576                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 102746.478873                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 102746.478873                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       104000                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total       104000                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 95135.893101                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 95135.893101                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       104000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 95165.250462                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 95165.298461                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       104000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 95165.250462                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 95165.298461                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                 1010                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                      1010                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks           21                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total            21                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          710                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            710                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            1                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       183350                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total       183350                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst             1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        184060                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            184061                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            1                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       184060                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           184061                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     65850000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     65850000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        94000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        94000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  15609656000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  15609656000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        94000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  15675506000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  15675600000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        94000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  15675506000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  15675600000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.643116                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.643116                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.679724                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.679724                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.679574                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.679576                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.679574                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.679576                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 92746.478873                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 92746.478873                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        94000                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        94000                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 85135.838560                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 85135.838560                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        94000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 85165.196132                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 85165.244131                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        94000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 85165.196132                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 85165.244131                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        368116                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       184062                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             183352                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         1010                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict           183045                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq               710                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp              710                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        183351                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       552178                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total       552178                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 552178                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     11844608                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total     11844608                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                11844608                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            184061                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                  184061    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              184061                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer4.occupancy           435068500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer4.utilization               2.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy          997570750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              6.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       541694                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       270847                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests          327                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops             59                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops           51                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            8                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp            269743                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         3573                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean            1                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict          451367                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             1104                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp            1104                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq             1                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       269742                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side            3                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       812538                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                812541                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side          128                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     17498176                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total               17498304                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                          184094                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                     64640                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples           454941                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.000866                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.030008                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                 454555     99.92%     99.92% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                    378      0.08%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      8      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total             454941                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy          273411000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              1.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy              1500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy         406269000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             2.7                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
