
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.015267                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 15267344125                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               4229054322625                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                               66685480                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                123649871                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              180925742                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1248976                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                    84.38                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  5627224587                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   10434141443                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data       12383488                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total           12383488                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks        35520                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total           35520                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data          193492                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total              193492                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks           555                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total                555                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data         811109509                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             811109509                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks         2326534                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total              2326534                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks         2326534                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data        811109509                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            813436044                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                      193493                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                        555                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                    193493                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                      555                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM               12379200                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                    4352                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                   35968                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                12383552                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys                35520                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                     68                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     4                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0             12014                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1             11860                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2             12127                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3             12257                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4             11853                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5             11963                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6             11772                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7             11973                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8             11950                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9             11919                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10            11556                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11            11837                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12            12956                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13            12757                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14            12323                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15            12308                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2                31                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3               164                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4               128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5                42                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6                16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12              181                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   15267324500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                193493                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                  555                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                  145913                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                   44401                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                    3067                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                      44                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                     34                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                     35                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                     35                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                     34                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                     34                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                     34                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                     34                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                     34                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                     34                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                     34                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                     34                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                     34                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                     34                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                     35                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                     35                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                     35                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples        97209                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    127.720191                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   109.738404                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev    76.827872                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127        42501     43.72%     43.72% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255        43857     45.12%     88.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383         9421      9.69%     98.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1279      1.32%     99.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639          108      0.11%     99.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767           18      0.02%     99.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895            7      0.01%     99.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023            5      0.01%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           13      0.01%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total        97209                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples           35                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean    5586.114286                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean   5435.932493                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev   1298.856687                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::3328-3583            1      2.86%      2.86% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::3584-3839            3      8.57%     11.43% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::3840-4095            2      5.71%     17.14% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4096-4351            1      2.86%     20.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4352-4607            1      2.86%     22.86% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4608-4863            2      5.71%     28.57% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4864-5119            2      5.71%     34.29% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::5120-5375            5     14.29%     48.57% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::5376-5631            3      8.57%     57.14% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::5632-5887            1      2.86%     60.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::5888-6143            2      5.71%     65.71% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::6144-6399            2      5.71%     71.43% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::6400-6655            2      5.71%     77.14% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::6656-6911            2      5.71%     82.86% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::6912-7167            1      2.86%     85.71% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::7168-7423            1      2.86%     88.57% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::7424-7679            2      5.71%     94.29% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::7936-8191            2      5.71%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total            35                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples           35                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      16.057143                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.053934                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.338062                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16               34     97.14%     97.14% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18                1      2.86%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total            35                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                   4767811500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat              8394530250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                  967125000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     24649.41                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                43399.41                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       810.83                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                         2.36                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    811.11                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                      2.33                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         6.35                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     6.33                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.32                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      25.45                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                    96285                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                     490                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 49.78                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                88.93                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                      78678.08                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    49.89                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                344804880                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                183271935                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy               684147660                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy                1988820                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         1205309040.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy           1611087330                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             24478560                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy      5208948420                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy        94993920                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy                0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy             9359030565                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            613.009734                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime          11671005750                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE      9487000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     509860000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    247541750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    3076991375                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  11423464000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                349288800                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                185636220                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy               696906840                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy                 944820                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         1204694400.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy           1633261470                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             24494880                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy      5193254610                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy        89520480                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy                0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy             9378002520                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            614.252384                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime          11621954750                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE      9252000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     509600000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    233264750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    3126126500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  11389100875                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups                1691650                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted          1691650                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect            84067                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups             1383120                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                  66564                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect             11523                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectLookups        1383120                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectHits            684774                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectMisses          698346                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu0.branchPredindirectMispredicted        31159                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                     822906                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                      74764                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                       150623                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                         1260                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                    1334466                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                         7801                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                    0                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                        30534688                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles           1373661                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                       5146428                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                    1691650                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches            751338                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                     28920785                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                 173284                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.TlbCycles                      2717                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.cpu0.fetch.MiscStallCycles                1894                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles        69157                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                  1326665                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes                10643                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.ItlbSquashes                      7                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples          30454856                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             0.340983                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            1.476467                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                28508884     93.61%     93.61% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                   32245      0.11%     93.72% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                  621996      2.04%     95.76% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                   37349      0.12%     95.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                  138093      0.45%     96.33% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                   88735      0.29%     96.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                   93027      0.31%     96.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                   34114      0.11%     97.04% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                  900413      2.96%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total            30454856                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.055401                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       0.168544                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                  722104                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles             28355126                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                   974071                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles               316913                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles                 86642                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts               8489002                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles                 86642                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                  828578                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles               26941452                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles         19132                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                  1106635                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles              1472417                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts               8093465                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents               105774                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents               1015805                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LQFullEvents                418163                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu0.rename.SQFullEvents                   866                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands            9610915                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups             22185037                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups        10820280                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.fp_rename_lookups            51866                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps              3185740                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                 6425179                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts               290                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts           369                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                  1986123                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads             1406373                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores             111238                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads             4634                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores            6861                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                   7592954                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded               6477                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                  5499357                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued             7076                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined        4942553                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      9622016                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          6477                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     30454856                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        0.180574                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       0.790933                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           28282280     92.87%     92.87% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1             833753      2.74%     95.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2             446359      1.47%     97.07% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3             306158      1.01%     98.07% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4             318864      1.05%     99.12% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5             112280      0.37%     99.49% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6              93577      0.31%     99.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7              36586      0.12%     99.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8              24999      0.08%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       30454856                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                  14573     69.66%     69.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     69.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     69.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                 1539      7.36%     77.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     77.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     77.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     77.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     77.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     77.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     77.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     77.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     77.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     77.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     77.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     77.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     77.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     77.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     77.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     77.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     77.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     77.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     77.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     77.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     77.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     77.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     77.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     77.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     77.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     77.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     77.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     77.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                  4233     20.24%     97.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                  387      1.85%     99.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead              171      0.82%     99.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite              16      0.08%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            26095      0.47%      0.47% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu              4493412     81.71%     82.18% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                1549      0.03%     82.21% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                13365      0.24%     82.45% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd              19006      0.35%     82.80% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     82.80% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     82.80% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     82.80% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     82.80% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     82.80% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     82.80% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     82.80% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     82.80% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     82.80% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     82.80% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     82.80% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     82.80% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     82.80% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     82.80% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     82.80% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     82.80% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     82.80% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     82.80% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     82.80% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     82.80% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     82.80% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     82.80% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     82.80% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     82.80% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     82.80% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     82.80% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     82.80% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead              861424     15.66%     98.46% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite              80871      1.47%     99.93% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead           3586      0.07%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite            49      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total               5499357                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          0.180102                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                      20919                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.003804                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads          41434277                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes         12498118                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      5232279                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads              47288                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes             43868                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses        20520                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses               5469810                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses                  24371                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads            6147                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       922671                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          264                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            2                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        73035                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           55                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked         1025                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles                 86642                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles               24428153                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles               300898                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts            7599431                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts             6450                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts              1406373                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts              111238                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts              2353                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                 21151                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents               104214                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             2                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         43006                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        54380                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts               97386                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts              5377008                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts               822499                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts           122349                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                      897249                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                  626480                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                     74750                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    0.176095                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                       5278163                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                      5252799                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                  3865643                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                  6137657                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      0.172027                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.629824                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts        4943757                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts            86640                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     29731514                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.089362                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     0.561270                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     28607264     96.22%     96.22% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       509373      1.71%     97.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       125673      0.42%     98.35% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       327879      1.10%     99.46% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        64387      0.22%     99.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        33046      0.11%     99.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         7987      0.03%     99.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         5414      0.02%     99.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        50491      0.17%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     29731514                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts             1329633                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps               2656882                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                        521907                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                       483704                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                    462998                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                     15208                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                  2641479                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls                6725                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass         4595      0.17%      0.17% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu         2105986     79.27%     79.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult            269      0.01%     79.45% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv           11117      0.42%     79.87% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd         13008      0.49%     80.36% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     80.36% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     80.36% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     80.36% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.36% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     80.36% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     80.36% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     80.36% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     80.36% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     80.36% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     80.36% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     80.36% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     80.36% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     80.36% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     80.36% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.36% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     80.36% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     80.36% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     80.36% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     80.36% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     80.36% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     80.36% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     80.36% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     80.36% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     80.36% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     80.36% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.36% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     80.36% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead         481504     18.12%     98.48% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite         38203      1.44%     99.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead         2200      0.08%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::total          2656882                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events                50491                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                    37281662                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                   15927105                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                            650                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                          79832                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.committedInsts                    1329633                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                      2656882                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                             22.964749                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                       22.964749                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              0.043545                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        0.043545                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads                 5590174                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes                4560362                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads                    36534                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_writes                   18243                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_reads                  3215336                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_writes                 1454418                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads                2755415                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements           240197                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs             415710                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           240197                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs             1.730704                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data         1024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          167                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          757                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          100                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          3636105                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses         3636105                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data       378048                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         378048                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data        37164                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         37164                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data       415212                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total          415212                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data       415212                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total         415212                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data       432726                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       432726                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data         1039                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         1039                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data       433765                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total        433765                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data       433765                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total       433765                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  35043644000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  35043644000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     46454000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     46454000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  35090098000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  35090098000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  35090098000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  35090098000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data       810774                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       810774                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data        38203                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        38203                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data       848977                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total       848977                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data       848977                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total       848977                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.533720                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.533720                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.027197                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.027197                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.510927                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.510927                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.510927                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.510927                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 80983.449111                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 80983.449111                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 44710.298364                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 44710.298364                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 80896.563808                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 80896.563808                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 80896.563808                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 80896.563808                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        22176                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs              861                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    25.756098                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         2294                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total             2294                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       193557                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       193557                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       193569                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       193569                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       193569                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       193569                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       239169                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       239169                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         1027                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         1027                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       240196                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       240196                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       240196                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       240196                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19212248000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  19212248000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     44482000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     44482000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19256730000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  19256730000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19256730000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  19256730000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.294988                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.294988                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.026883                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.026883                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.282924                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.282924                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.282924                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.282924                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 80329.173095                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 80329.173095                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 43312.560857                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 43312.560857                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 80170.902097                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 80170.902097                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 80170.902097                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 80170.902097                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse                1021                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst         1021                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.997070                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.997070                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1021                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         1021                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.997070                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses          5306660                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses         5306660                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst      1326665                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        1326665                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst      1326665                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total         1326665                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst      1326665                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total        1326665                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst      1326665                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1326665                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst      1326665                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total      1326665                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst      1326665                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total      1326665                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu1.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                    193511                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                        16384                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                      288488                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                    193511                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      1.490809                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks       12.551981                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     16371.448019                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.000766                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.999234                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total                   1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          127                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1         1158                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         9867                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         5204                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           28                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                   4034703                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                  4034703                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         2294                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total             2294                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data               668                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                   668                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data         46035                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total             46035                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data                46703                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                    46703                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data               46703                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                   46703                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data             359                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                 359                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data       193134                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total          193134                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data             193493                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 193493                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data            193493                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                193493                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     35636500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      35636500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18342134000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total  18342134000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18377770500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      18377770500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18377770500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     18377770500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         2294                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         2294                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data          1027                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total              1027                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data       239169                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        239169                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data           240196                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               240196                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data          240196                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              240196                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.349562                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.349562                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.807521                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.807521                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.805563                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.805563                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.805563                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.805563                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 99266.016713                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 99266.016713                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94971.025298                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 94971.025298                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94978.994072                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 94978.994072                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94978.994072                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 94978.994072                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                  555                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                       555                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks            2                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total             2                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          359                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            359                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       193134                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total       193134                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        193493                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            193493                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       193493                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           193493                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     32046500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     32046500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16410784000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  16410784000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16442830500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  16442830500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16442830500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  16442830500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.349562                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.349562                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.807521                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.807521                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.805563                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.805563                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.805563                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.805563                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 89266.016713                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 89266.016713                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84970.973521                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84970.973521                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84978.942391                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84978.942391                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84978.942391                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84978.942391                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        386980                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       193493                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             193135                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          555                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict           192932                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq               359                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp              359                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        193134                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       580474                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total       580474                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 580474                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     12419136                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total     12419136                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                12419136                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            193493                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                  193493    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              193493                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer4.occupancy           456145000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer4.utilization               3.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         1046157500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              6.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       480393                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       240198                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests          505                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops             26                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops           25                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            1                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp            239170                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         2849                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict          430859                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             1027                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp            1027                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       239169                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       720590                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                720590                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     15519424                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total               15519424                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                          193511                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                     35520                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples           433707                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.001229                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.035100                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                 433175     99.88%     99.88% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                    531      0.12%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      1      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total             433707                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy          242490500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              1.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy         360295500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             2.4                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
