
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.015267                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 15267344125                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               10335991972625                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                               67746407                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                126362592                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              169677585                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1248976                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                    89.98                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  6095721675                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   11369921644                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.inst           5760                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data       13089024                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total           13094784                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst         5760                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total          5760                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks       622272                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total          622272                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.inst              90                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data          204516                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total              204606                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks          9723                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total               9723                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.inst            377276                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data         857321607                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             857698883                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst       377276                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total           377276                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks        40758366                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total             40758366                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks        40758366                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.inst           377276                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data        857321607                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            898457249                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                      204606                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                       9723                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                    204606                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                     9723                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM               13093056                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                    1728                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                  621760                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                13094784                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys               622272                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                     27                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     4                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0             13040                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1             12872                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2             12815                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3             12683                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4             12370                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5             12712                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6             12387                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7             12741                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8             12890                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9             12837                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10            12929                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11            12606                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12            13225                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13            12763                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14            12758                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15            12951                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0               763                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1               640                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2               642                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3               513                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4               511                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5               503                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6               529                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7               522                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8               515                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9               514                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10              627                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11              642                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12              747                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13              637                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14              648                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15              762                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   15267375500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                204606                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                 9723                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                  153199                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                   49084                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                    2272                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                      23                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                    411                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                    607                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                    607                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                    607                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                    607                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                    607                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                    608                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                    608                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                    608                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                    609                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                    608                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                    608                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                    617                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                    640                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                    619                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                    746                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples        81350                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    168.592600                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   124.867862                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   184.682412                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127        31858     39.16%     39.16% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255        35900     44.13%     83.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383         8296     10.20%     93.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1376      1.69%     95.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639          428      0.53%     95.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767          554      0.68%     96.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895          298      0.37%     96.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          209      0.26%     97.01% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         2431      2.99%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total        81350                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples          607                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean     306.433278                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     22.881092                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev   1806.507560                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::0-1023          591     97.36%     97.36% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2048-3071            1      0.16%     97.53% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::3072-4095            1      0.16%     97.69% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::5120-6143            1      0.16%     97.86% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::9216-10239            3      0.49%     98.35% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::10240-11263            2      0.33%     98.68% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::11264-12287            3      0.49%     99.18% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::12288-13311            2      0.33%     99.51% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::13312-14335            1      0.16%     99.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::15360-16383            1      0.16%     99.84% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::16384-17407            1      0.16%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total           607                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples          607                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      16.004942                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.004530                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.121766                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16              606     99.84%     99.84% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::19                1      0.16%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total           607                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                   4495469250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat              8331325500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                 1022895000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     21974.25                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                40724.25                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       857.59                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                        40.72                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    857.70                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                     40.76                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         7.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     6.70                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.32                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.34                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      25.83                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                   124420                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                    8536                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 60.82                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                87.83                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                      71233.36                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    62.04                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                287156520                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                152650080                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy               725566800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy               24132060                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         1148147520.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy           1586381820                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             35450400                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy      4702826040                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy       190380960                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy        225610320                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy             9078319770                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            594.623380                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime          11696513000                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE     21663750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     485818000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF    887077000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    495790000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    3063224000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  10313771375                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                293596800                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                156073170                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy               735127260                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy               26580240                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         1149376800.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy           1605605070                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             35869440                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy      4725054330                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy       163147680                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy        220000380                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy             9110431170                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            596.726654                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime          11653320000                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE     18504250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     486344000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF    866046250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    424853750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    3109138000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  10362457875                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups                1318710                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted          1318710                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect            32952                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups              980509                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                  46475                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect              2595                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectLookups         980509                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectHits            556510                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectMisses          423999                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu0.branchPredindirectMispredicted         8099                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                     809372                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                     127035                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                       102898                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                          567                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                    1028626                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                         1176                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                    2                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                        30534688                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles           1047771                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                       4176246                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                    1318710                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches            602985                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                     29427263                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                  66766                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.TlbCycles                       572                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.cpu0.fetch.MiscStallCycles                 331                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles         9706                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                  1027464                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes                 2829                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.ItlbSquashes                      1                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples          30519026                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             0.268256                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            1.303392                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                28960865     94.89%     94.89% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                   22674      0.07%     94.97% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                  467766      1.53%     96.50% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                   67908      0.22%     96.72% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                  112836      0.37%     97.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                   95400      0.31%     97.41% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                  113070      0.37%     97.78% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                    9828      0.03%     97.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                  668679      2.19%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total            30519026                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.043187                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       0.136771                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                  464503                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles             28985463                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                   668982                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles               366695                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles                 33383                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts               7213568                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles                 33383                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                  606782                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles               26806930                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles         11528                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                   836985                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles              2223418                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts               7056085                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents                24888                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents               1107344                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LQFullEvents                108017                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu0.rename.SQFullEvents                931778                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands            8705168                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups             19351340                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups         9503796                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.fp_rename_lookups            94590                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps              5491989                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                 3213128                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts               112                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts           131                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                  2395517                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads             1174383                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores             136122                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads             2080                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores            1781                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                   6883170                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded               1632                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                  5658589                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued             2410                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined        2513608                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      5635408                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          1630                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     30519026                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        0.185412                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       0.822447                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           28324803     92.81%     92.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1             905135      2.97%     95.78% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2             368461      1.21%     96.98% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3             288848      0.95%     97.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4             338284      1.11%     99.04% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5              95469      0.31%     99.35% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6             105887      0.35%     99.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7              52927      0.17%     99.87% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8              39212      0.13%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       30519026                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                  33004     52.34%     52.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     52.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     52.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                  516      0.82%     53.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     53.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     53.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     53.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     53.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     53.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     53.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     53.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     53.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     53.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     53.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     53.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     53.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     53.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     53.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     53.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     53.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     53.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     53.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     53.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     53.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     53.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     53.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     53.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     53.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     53.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     53.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     53.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                 29273     46.42%     99.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                  113      0.18%     99.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead               76      0.12%     99.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite              76      0.12%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass             6412      0.11%      0.11% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu              4660380     82.36%     82.47% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult               28463      0.50%     82.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                 4573      0.08%     83.06% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd               6841      0.12%     83.18% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     83.18% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     83.18% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     83.18% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     83.18% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     83.18% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     83.18% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     83.18% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     83.18% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     83.18% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     83.18% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     83.18% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     83.18% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     83.18% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     83.18% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     83.18% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     83.18% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     83.18% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     83.18% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     83.18% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     83.18% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     83.18% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     83.18% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     83.18% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     83.18% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     83.18% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     83.18% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     83.18% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead              821933     14.53%     97.70% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite              52912      0.94%     98.64% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead           1408      0.02%     98.66% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite         75667      1.34%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total               5658589                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          0.185317                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                      63058                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.011144                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads          41732917                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes          9306275                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      5486230                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads             168755                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes             92151                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses        83020                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses               5630601                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses                  84634                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads           30763                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       489726                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           74                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           17                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        18047                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           31                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked         1185                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles                 33383                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles               24831154                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles               937962                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts            6884802                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts             1512                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts              1174383                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts              136122                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts               614                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                 36594                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents               742984                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents            17                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         20700                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        15365                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts               36065                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts              5623035                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts               809247                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts            35554                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                      936269                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                  703792                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                    127022                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    0.184152                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                       5575525                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                      5569250                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                  4062999                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                  6880066                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      0.182391                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.590547                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts        2513852                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.commitNonSpecStalls              2                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts            33372                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     30176313                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.144854                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     0.859563                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     28754608     95.29%     95.29% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       613402      2.03%     97.32% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       148659      0.49%     97.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       283507      0.94%     98.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        80540      0.27%     99.02% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        18806      0.06%     99.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         2410      0.01%     99.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        15774      0.05%     99.14% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       258607      0.86%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     30176313                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts             2270393                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps               4371165                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                        802730                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                       684656                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                    650293                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                     81017                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                  4365513                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls               30370                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass         1677      0.04%      0.04% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu         3530165     80.76%     80.80% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult          28038      0.64%     81.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv            3813      0.09%     81.53% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd          4742      0.11%     81.64% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     81.64% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     81.64% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     81.64% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     81.64% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     81.64% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     81.64% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     81.64% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     81.64% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     81.64% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     81.64% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     81.64% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     81.64% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     81.64% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     81.64% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     81.64% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     81.64% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     81.64% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     81.64% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     81.64% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     81.64% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     81.64% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     81.64% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     81.64% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     81.64% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     81.64% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     81.64% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     81.64% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead         683870     15.65%     97.28% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite         42618      0.97%     98.26% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead          786      0.02%     98.27% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite        75456      1.73%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::total          4371165                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events               258607                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                    36802723                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                   14113357                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                            120                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                          15662                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.committedInsts                    2270393                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                      4371165                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                             13.449076                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                       13.449076                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              0.074355                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        0.074355                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads                 6716055                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes                4769094                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads                    88921                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_writes                    6682                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_reads                  3901187                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_writes                 1996039                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads                2702535                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements           222338                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs             266613                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           222338                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs             1.199134                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data         1024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          166                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          854                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          3799142                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses         3799142                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data       363449                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         363449                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data       108045                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        108045                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data       471494                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total          471494                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data       471494                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total         471494                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data       412676                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       412676                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data        10031                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total        10031                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data       422707                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total        422707                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data       422707                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total       422707                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  36005410500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  36005410500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    794437997                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    794437997                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  36799848497                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  36799848497                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  36799848497                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  36799848497                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data       776125                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       776125                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data       118076                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       118076                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data       894201                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total       894201                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data       894201                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total       894201                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.531713                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.531713                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.084954                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.084954                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.472720                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.472720                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.472720                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.472720                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 87248.617560                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 87248.617560                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 79198.285016                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 79198.285016                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 87057.580066                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 87057.580066                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 87057.580066                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 87057.580066                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        10734                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs              644                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    16.667702                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        11022                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total            11022                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       200365                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       200365                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data            2                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       200367                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       200367                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       200367                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       200367                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       212311                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       212311                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        10029                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        10029                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       222340                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       222340                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       222340                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       222340                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18625710500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  18625710500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    784254997                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    784254997                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19409965497                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  19409965497                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19409965497                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  19409965497                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.273553                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.273553                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.084937                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.084937                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.248647                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.248647                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.248647                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.248647                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 87728.429050                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 87728.429050                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 78198.723402                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78198.723402                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 87298.576491                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 87298.576491                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 87298.576491                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 87298.576491                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements               97                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse         1018.999988                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs            3883520                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs               97                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs         40036.288660                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst  1018.999988                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.995117                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.995117                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1019                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           97                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          922                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.995117                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses          4109954                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses         4109954                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst      1027350                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        1027350                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst      1027350                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total         1027350                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst      1027350                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total        1027350                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst          114                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          114                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu0.inst          114                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total           114                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu0.inst          114                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total          114                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     10221500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     10221500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     10221500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     10221500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     10221500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     10221500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst      1027464                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1027464                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst      1027464                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total      1027464                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst      1027464                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total      1027464                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000111                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000111                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000111                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000111                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000111                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000111                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 89662.280702                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 89662.280702                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 89662.280702                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 89662.280702                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 89662.280702                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 89662.280702                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::writebacks           97                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total               97                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst           16                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst           16                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst           16                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst           98                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           98                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst           98                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           98                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst           98                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           98                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst      9054500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      9054500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst      9054500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      9054500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst      9054500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      9054500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000095                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000095                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000095                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000095                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000095                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000095                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 92392.857143                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 92392.857143                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 92392.857143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 92392.857143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 92392.857143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 92392.857143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu1.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                    204704                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                        16384                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                     1777960                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                    204704                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      8.685517                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks       18.399350                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst         6.443708                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     16359.156942                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.001123                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst        0.000393                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.998484                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total                   1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          166                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1         1486                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2        14129                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          603                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                   3761608                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                  3761608                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks        11022                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total            11022                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks           97                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total               97                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data               439                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                   439                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu0.inst              6                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total                  6                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data         17384                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total             17384                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.inst                    6                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data                17823                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                    17829                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.inst                   6                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data               17823                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                   17829                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu0.data              1                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::total                  1                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data            9589                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                9589                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu0.inst           90                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total               90                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data       194927                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total          194927                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.inst                 90                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data             204516                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 204606                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.inst                90                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data            204516                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                204606                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data        30500                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total        30500                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    764354000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     764354000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst      8840500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total      8840500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18105895500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total  18105895500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst      8840500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18870249500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      18879090000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst      8840500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18870249500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     18879090000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks        11022                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        11022                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks           97                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total           97                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu0.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total                1                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data         10028                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total             10028                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu0.inst           96                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total             96                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data       212311                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        212311                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst               96                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data           222339                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               222435                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst              96                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data          222339                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              222435                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total               1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.956223                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.956223                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.937500                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.937500                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.918120                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.918120                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst        0.937500                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.919839                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.919846                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst       0.937500                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.919839                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.919846                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data        30500                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total        30500                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 79711.544478                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 79711.544478                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 98227.777778                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 98227.777778                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 92885.518681                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 92885.518681                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 98227.777778                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 92267.839680                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 92270.461277                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 98227.777778                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 92267.839680                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 92270.461277                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                 9723                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                      9723                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total             1                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         9589                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           9589                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst           90                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total           90                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       194927                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total       194927                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            90                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        204516                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            204606                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst           90                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       204516                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           204606                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data        20500                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        20500                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    668464000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    668464000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst      7940500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7940500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16156625500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  16156625500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst      7940500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16825089500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  16833030000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst      7940500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16825089500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  16833030000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.956223                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.956223                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.937500                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.937500                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.918120                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.918120                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.937500                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.919839                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.919846                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.937500                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.919839                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.919846                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data        20500                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        20500                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 69711.544478                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69711.544478                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 88227.777778                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 88227.777778                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 82885.518681                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 82885.518681                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 88227.777778                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 82267.839680                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 82270.461277                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 88227.777778                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 82267.839680                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 82270.461277                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        409196                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       204602                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             195017                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         9723                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict           194866                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq                1                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq              9589                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp             9589                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        195017                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       613802                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total       613802                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 613802                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     13717056                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total     13717056                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                13717056                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            204607                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                  204607    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              204607                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer4.occupancy           510205500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer4.utilization               3.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         1095097500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              7.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       444874                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       222434                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests          443                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops            124                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops          124                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp            212408                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        20745                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean           97                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict          406298                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq               1                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp              1                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            10028                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           10028                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq            98                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       212311                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side          291                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       667018                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                667309                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        12352                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     14935040                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total               14947392                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                          204706                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                    622400                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples           427142                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.001323                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.036346                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                 426577     99.87%     99.87% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                    565      0.13%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total             427142                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy          233556000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              1.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy            147000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy         333507500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             2.2                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
