
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.015267                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 15267344125                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               2213764898125                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                               12188813                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                 22167169                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               37696569                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1248976                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   405.01                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  4936544466                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    8977840511                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.inst            320                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data        1124416                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total            1124736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst          320                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total           320                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks      1104064                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total         1104064                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.inst               5                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data           17569                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total               17574                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks         17251                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total              17251                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.inst             20960                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data          73648435                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total              73669395                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst        20960                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total            20960                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks        72315394                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total             72315394                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks        72315394                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.inst            20960                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data         73648435                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            145984788                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                       17574                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                      17251                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                     17574                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                    17251                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM                1124672                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                      64                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                 1103808                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                 1124736                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys              1104064                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                      1                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0              1141                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1              1170                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2              1118                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3              1158                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4              1166                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5              1163                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6              1189                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7              1107                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8              1102                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9              1031                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10             1083                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11              971                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12             1057                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13             1017                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14             1035                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15             1065                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0              1123                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1              1143                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2              1097                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3              1140                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4              1142                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5              1142                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6              1157                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7              1082                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8              1075                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9              1008                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10             1069                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11              961                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12             1046                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13              993                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14             1017                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15             1052                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   15265475000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                 17574                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                17251                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                   16785                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                     782                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                       5                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                       1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                    614                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                    638                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                    993                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                    996                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                    997                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                    998                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                    997                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                    998                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                    997                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                    998                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                    998                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                    998                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                   1001                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                   1001                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                   1000                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                   1030                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                    999                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                    998                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples        24858                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean     89.640679                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean    81.421557                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev    48.354020                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::64-127        17632     70.93%     70.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-191         5394     21.70%     92.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::192-255         1240      4.99%     97.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-319          398      1.60%     99.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::320-383          115      0.46%     99.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-447           55      0.22%     99.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::448-511           15      0.06%     99.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-575            7      0.03%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::576-639            1      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-703            1      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total        24858                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples          997                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean      17.621866                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     17.583353                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev      1.161827                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::14                1      0.10%      0.10% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::15                3      0.30%      0.40% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::16              251     25.18%     25.58% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::17               99      9.93%     35.51% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::18              451     45.24%     80.74% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::19              154     15.45%     96.19% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::20               31      3.11%     99.30% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::21                7      0.70%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total           997                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples          997                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      17.298897                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     17.269064                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      1.008463                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16              359     36.01%     36.01% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::17               23      2.31%     38.31% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18              574     57.57%     95.89% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::19               40      4.01%     99.90% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::20                1      0.10%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total           997                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                    475242750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat               804736500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                   87865000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     27043.92                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                45793.92                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                        73.67                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                        72.30                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                     73.67                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                     72.32                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         1.14                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     0.58                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.56                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.10                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      25.01                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                     6395                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                    3565                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 36.39                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                20.67                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                     438348.17                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    28.60                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                 93334080                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                 49600650                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy                65773680                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy               47115720                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         1215143280.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy           1061819940                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             29976480                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy      4575376890                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy      1041110880                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy         46563360                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy             8225836200                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            538.786323                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime          12858129000                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE     20333250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     514224000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF    115734250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN   2711406500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    1872262250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  10033383875                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                 84166320                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                 44735460                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy                59697540                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy               42913620                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         1225592160.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy           1048957320                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             33232320                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy      4379161800                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy      1189222560                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy         76910040                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy             8185213080                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            536.125538                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime          12877228250                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE     27331500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     518818000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF    178714500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN   3096896000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    1841957000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   9603627125                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups               13194527                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted         13194527                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect          1352848                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups            11089832                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                1080142                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect            191650                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectLookups       11089832                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectHits           2701751                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectMisses         8388081                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu0.branchPredindirectMispredicted       886644                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                    6993476                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                    2420019                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                        80478                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                        15144                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                    6543816                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                         2193                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                   19                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                        30534688                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles           7369896                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                      56307944                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                   13194527                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches           3781893                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                     21796337                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                2707694                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.MiscStallCycles                 805                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles        12975                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                  6541623                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes               310437                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples          30533860                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             4.018270                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            3.670388                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                12167438     39.85%     39.85% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                  532666      1.74%     41.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                  900158      2.95%     44.54% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                 1345598      4.41%     48.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                  608243      1.99%     50.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                 1149290      3.76%     54.70% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                  998040      3.27%     57.97% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                  503553      1.65%     59.62% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                12328874     40.38%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total            30533860                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.432116                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       1.844065                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                 5565733                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles              8425348                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                 13744290                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles              1444642                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles               1353847                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts             110040222                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles               1353847                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                 6631177                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles                6978709                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles        213118                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                 13912202                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles              1444807                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts             102998946                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents                39774                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents                758579                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LQFullEvents                   188                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu0.rename.SQFullEvents                441870                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands          115744004                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups            255849903                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups       140513881                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.fp_rename_lookups         19187311                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps             48867130                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                66876938                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts             29844                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts         32092                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                  3384509                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads             9484814                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores            3337616                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads           166053                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores          174433                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                  89558453                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded             219783                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                 71399656                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued           667654                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       47535242                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     68835245                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved        219674                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     30533860                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        2.338376                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       2.594692                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           13237945     43.35%     43.35% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1            2214782      7.25%     50.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2            2770417      9.07%     59.68% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3            2337690      7.66%     67.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4            2368245      7.76%     75.09% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5            2250975      7.37%     82.47% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6            2645373      8.66%     91.13% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7            1636587      5.36%     96.49% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8            1071846      3.51%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       30533860                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                1454644     92.86%     92.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     92.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     92.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                82881      5.29%     98.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     98.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     98.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     98.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     98.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     98.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     98.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     98.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     98.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     98.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     98.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     98.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     98.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     98.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     98.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     98.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     98.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     98.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     98.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     98.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     98.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     98.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     98.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     98.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     98.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     98.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     98.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     98.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                  3791      0.24%     98.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                 1344      0.09%     98.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead            23382      1.49%     99.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite             400      0.03%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass          1825468      2.56%      2.56% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu             54269474     76.01%     78.56% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                2693      0.00%     78.57% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                77647      0.11%     78.68% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            4987076      6.98%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead             5210640      7.30%     92.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite            2627164      3.68%     96.64% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead        2398328      3.36%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite          1166      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total              71399656                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          2.338313                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                    1566442                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.021939                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads         160392620                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes        119500286                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     60458833                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads           15174654                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes          17813443                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      6753366                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses              63543458                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses                7597172                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads          244452                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      5696715                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses         3872                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          293                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores      1603662                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         4058                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked           21                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles               1353847                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles                6172954                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles                 8935                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts           89778236                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts            49262                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts              9484814                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts             3337616                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts             89234                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                  4805                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                 1988                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           293                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        414390                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1287566                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts             1701956                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts             68373046                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts              6959012                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts          3026616                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                     9378441                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                 6296997                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                   2419429                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    2.239193                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                      67756856                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                     67212199                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                 49718254                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                 88546207                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      2.201175                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.561495                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts       47535303                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.commitNonSpecStalls            109                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts          1353669                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     23338748                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     1.809996                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     2.425663                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     10738054     46.01%     46.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      3040205     13.03%     59.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      3448957     14.78%     73.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      1886301      8.08%     81.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       967231      4.14%     86.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       773381      3.31%     89.35% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       322001      1.38%     90.73% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       322751      1.38%     92.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      1839867      7.88%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     23338748                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts            19206542                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps              42243050                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                       5522058                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                      3788104                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                         60                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                   4415886                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                   3162935                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                 39536408                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls              383558                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass       717076      1.70%      1.70% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu        33565587     79.46%     81.16% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult            364      0.00%     81.16% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv           51353      0.12%     81.28% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd       2386612      5.65%     86.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     86.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     86.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     86.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     86.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     86.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     86.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     86.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     86.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     86.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     86.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     86.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     86.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     86.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     86.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     86.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     86.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     86.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     86.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     86.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     86.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     86.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     86.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     86.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     86.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     86.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     86.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     86.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead        3024192      7.16%     94.09% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite       1733954      4.10%     98.19% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead       763912      1.81%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::total         42243050                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events              1839867                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                   111277234                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                  186884103                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                            116                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                            828                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.committedInsts                   19206542                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                     42243050                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                              1.589807                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                        1.589807                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              0.629007                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        0.629007                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads                87756610                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes               51646877                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads                 10695521                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_writes                 6354865                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_reads                 36440429                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_writes                18013645                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads               22228651                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements            19974                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs             488052                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs            19974                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs            24.434365                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data         1024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           13                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          113                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          737                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          105                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           56                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         33638114                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses        33638114                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data      6648589                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        6648589                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data      1723239                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       1723239                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data      8371828                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total         8371828                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data      8371828                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total        8371828                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data        21837                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        21837                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data        10870                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total        10870                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data        32707                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total         32707                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data        32707                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total        32707                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data   1474791500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1474791500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data   1020404500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   1020404500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data   2495196000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2495196000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data   2495196000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2495196000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data      6670426                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      6670426                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data      1734109                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1734109                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data      8404535                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total      8404535                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data      8404535                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total      8404535                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.003274                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.003274                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.006268                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.006268                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.003892                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.003892                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.003892                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.003892                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 67536.360306                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 67536.360306                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 93873.459062                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 93873.459062                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 76289.357018                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 76289.357018                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 76289.357018                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 76289.357018                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          434                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               12                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    36.166667                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        17955                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total            17955                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data        12209                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        12209                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data          511                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          511                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data        12720                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        12720                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data        12720                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        12720                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         9628                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         9628                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        10359                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        10359                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        19987                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        19987                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        19987                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        19987                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    792172500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    792172500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    967978500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    967978500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   1760151000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1760151000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   1760151000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1760151000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.001443                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001443                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.005974                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005974                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.002378                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002378                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.002378                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002378                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 82277.991275                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 82277.991275                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 93443.237764                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 93443.237764                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 88064.792115                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 88064.792115                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 88064.792115                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 88064.792115                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements             1036                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse         1022.882521                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs             111032                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs             1036                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs           107.173745                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst  1022.882521                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.998909                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.998909                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1022                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            9                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           12                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         1000                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.998047                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses         26167540                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses        26167540                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst      6540539                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        6540539                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst      6540539                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total         6540539                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst      6540539                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total        6540539                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst         1084                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         1084                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu0.inst         1084                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total          1084                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu0.inst         1084                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total         1084                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     14116500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     14116500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     14116500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     14116500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     14116500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     14116500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst      6541623                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      6541623                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst      6541623                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total      6541623                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst      6541623                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total      6541623                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000166                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000166                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000166                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000166                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000166                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000166                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 13022.601476                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 13022.601476                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 13022.601476                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 13022.601476                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 13022.601476                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 13022.601476                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::writebacks         1036                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total             1036                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           36                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst         1048                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1048                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst         1048                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1048                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst         1048                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1048                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     12872500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     12872500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     12872500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     12872500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     12872500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     12872500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000160                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000160                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000160                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000160                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000160                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000160                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 12282.919847                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12282.919847                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 12282.919847                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12282.919847                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 12282.919847                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12282.919847                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu1.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                     17582                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                        16384                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                       18991                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                     17582                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      1.080139                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks       17.931660                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst        20.798261                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     16345.270079                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.001094                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst        0.001269                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.997636                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total                   1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           10                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          103                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          942                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         9963                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         5366                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                    353518                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                   353518                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks        17955                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total            17955                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks         1036                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total             1036                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu0.data               13                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total                   13                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data               111                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                   111                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu0.inst           1031                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total               1031                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data          2294                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total              2294                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.inst                 1031                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data                 2405                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                     3436                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.inst                1031                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data                2405                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                    3436                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data           10236                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total               10236                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu0.inst            5                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total                5                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data         7333                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total            7333                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.inst                  5                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data              17569                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                  17574                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.inst                 5                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data             17569                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                 17574                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    951200500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     951200500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       449000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total       449000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    753137500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total    753137500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       449000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data   1704338000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total       1704787000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       449000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data   1704338000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total      1704787000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks        17955                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        17955                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks         1036                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total         1036                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu0.data           13                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total               13                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data         10347                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total             10347                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu0.inst         1036                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total           1036                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data         9627                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total          9627                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst             1036                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data            19974                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total                21010                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst            1036                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data           19974                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total               21010                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.989272                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.989272                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.004826                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.004826                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.761712                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.761712                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst        0.004826                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.879593                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.836459                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst       0.004826                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.879593                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.836459                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 92926.973427                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 92926.973427                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        89800                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total        89800                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 102705.236602                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 102705.236602                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        89800                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 97008.253173                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 97006.202344                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        89800                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 97008.253173                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 97006.202344                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                17251                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                     17251                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks            1                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total             1                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        10236                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total          10236                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            5                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total            5                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         7333                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total         7333                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst             5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         17569                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total             17574                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            5                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        17569                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total            17574                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    848840500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    848840500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       399000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       399000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    679807500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    679807500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       399000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   1528648000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1529047000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       399000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   1528648000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1529047000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.989272                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.989272                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.004826                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004826                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.761712                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.761712                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.004826                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.879593                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.836459                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.004826                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.879593                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.836459                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 82926.973427                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 82926.973427                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        79800                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        79800                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 92705.236602                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 92705.236602                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        79800                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 87008.253173                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 87006.202344                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        79800                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 87008.253173                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 87006.202344                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests         35144                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests        17571                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               7338                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        17251                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict              319                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             10236                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp            10236                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq          7338                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port        52718                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total        52718                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  52718                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port      2228800                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total      2228800                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 2228800                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples             17574                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                   17574    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total               17574                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer4.occupancy           108281000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer4.utilization               0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           95308500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        42045                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests        21011                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests           66                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops             13                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops           13                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp             10675                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        35206                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean         1036                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict            2350                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq              13                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp             13                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            10347                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           10347                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq          1048                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         9627                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         3120                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        59948                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                 63068                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       132608                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      2427456                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total                2560064                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                           17594                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                   1104832                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples            38617                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.002072                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.045469                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                  38537     99.79%     99.79% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                     80      0.21%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total              38617                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy           40013500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy           1572000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy          29967999                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
