
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.015267                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 15267344125                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               2473309748250                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                               12422905                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                 22880216                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               36086084                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1248976                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   423.08                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  5255897387                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    9680189011                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.inst            192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data        1300992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total            1301184                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst          192                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total           192                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks      1079680                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total         1079680                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.inst               3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data           20328                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total               20331                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks         16870                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total              16870                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.inst             12576                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data          85214035                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total              85226611                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst        12576                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total            12576                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks        70718259                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total             70718259                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks        70718259                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.inst            12576                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data         85214035                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            155944870                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                       20331                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                      16870                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                     20331                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                    16870                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM                1301120                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                      64                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                 1079680                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                 1301184                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys              1079680                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                      1                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0              1197                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1              1181                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2              1247                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3              1289                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4              1334                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5              1231                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6              1277                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7              1263                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8              1168                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9              1240                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10             1306                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11             1331                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12             1274                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13             1294                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14             1334                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15             1364                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0               990                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1               970                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2              1030                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3              1067                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4              1111                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5              1028                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6              1088                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7              1055                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8               949                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9              1033                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10             1067                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11             1111                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12             1055                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13             1094                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14             1109                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15             1113                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   15267764500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                 20331                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                16870                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                   18412                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                    1894                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                      24                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                    540                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                    557                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                    950                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                    980                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                    982                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                    985                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                    983                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                    983                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                    984                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                    984                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                    984                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                    988                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                    991                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                    987                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                    985                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                   1038                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                    987                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                    982                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples        26142                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean     91.071838                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean    81.657907                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev    54.434008                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::64-127        18761     71.77%     71.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-191         5258     20.11%     91.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::192-255         1185      4.53%     96.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-319          580      2.22%     98.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::320-383          208      0.80%     99.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-447           81      0.31%     99.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::448-511           42      0.16%     99.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-575           16      0.06%     99.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::576-639           10      0.04%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-703            1      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total        26142                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples          982                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean      20.706721                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     20.560299                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev      2.482053                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::15                3      0.31%      0.31% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::16               19      1.93%      2.24% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::17               68      6.92%      9.16% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::18               99     10.08%     19.25% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::19              151     15.38%     34.62% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::20              150     15.27%     49.90% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::21              144     14.66%     64.56% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::22              121     12.32%     76.88% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::23               84      8.55%     85.44% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::24               71      7.23%     92.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::25               38      3.87%     96.54% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::26               19      1.93%     98.47% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::27                9      0.92%     99.39% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::28                5      0.51%     99.90% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::29                1      0.10%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total           982                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples          982                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      17.179226                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     17.146461                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      1.059136                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16              422     42.97%     42.97% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::17               18      1.83%     44.81% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18              486     49.49%     94.30% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::19               56      5.70%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total           982                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                    560980500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat               942168000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                  101650000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     27593.73                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                46343.73                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                        85.22                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                        70.72                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                     85.23                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                     70.72                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         1.22                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     0.67                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.55                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.13                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      25.04                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                     7317                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                    3741                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 35.99                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                22.18                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                     410412.74                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    29.73                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                 93712500                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                 49805580                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy                71535660                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy               43529580                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         1221289680.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy           1036901820                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             30629760                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy      4565961630                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy      1084758240                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy         39706860                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy             8238050070                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            539.586322                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime          12913137375                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE     21591000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     516854000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF     75219250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN   2825118750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    1815666000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  10012895125                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                 92941380                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                 49403310                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy                73620540                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy               44531820                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         1216987200.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy            963543390                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             29893920                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy      4720327890                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy      1026971520                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy         27573120                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy             8245899420                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            540.100449                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime          13075849875                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE     18786500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     514980000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF     50223000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN   2674517750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    1657496250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  10351340625                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups               13176208                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted         13176208                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect          1380037                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups            11076870                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                1071450                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect            191293                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectLookups       11076870                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectHits           2645288                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectMisses         8431582                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu0.branchPredindirectMispredicted       913816                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                    6918225                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                    2369616                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                        89244                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                        20220                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                    6530114                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                         2710                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                   18                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                        30534688                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles           7371382                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                      56256989                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                   13176208                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches           3716738                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                     21764773                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                2762364                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.TlbCycles                         2                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.cpu0.fetch.MiscStallCycles                 970                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles        15730                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                  6527404                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes               319406                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples          30534039                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             4.008721                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            3.673650                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                12242479     40.09%     40.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                  520479      1.70%     41.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                  880895      2.88%     44.68% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                 1330702      4.36%     49.04% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                  610268      2.00%     51.04% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                 1141257      3.74%     54.78% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                  987233      3.23%     58.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                  508492      1.67%     59.68% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                12312234     40.32%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total            30534039                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.431516                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       1.842396                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                 5580117                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles              8456472                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                 13699215                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles              1417053                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles               1381182                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts             109653356                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles               1381182                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                 6642018                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles                7089353                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles        237066                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                 13842191                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles              1342229                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts             102494411                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents                35655                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents                691597                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LQFullEvents                   637                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu0.rename.SQFullEvents                421125                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands          115240959                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups            254081176                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups       139542295                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.fp_rename_lookups         19195466                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps             47735296                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                67505701                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts             29731                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts         32157                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                  3171915                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads             9449806                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores            3292032                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads           163366                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores          174550                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                  88794146                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded             216523                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                 70525170                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued           671262                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       47799076                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     69251277                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved        216415                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     30534039                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        2.309723                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       2.595069                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           13488584     44.18%     44.18% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1            2185455      7.16%     51.33% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2            2693119      8.82%     60.15% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3            2298678      7.53%     67.68% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4            2337864      7.66%     75.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5            2222393      7.28%     82.62% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6            2622227      8.59%     91.20% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7            1625092      5.32%     96.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8            1060627      3.47%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       30534039                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                1426482     92.62%     92.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     92.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     92.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                81723      5.31%     97.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     97.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     97.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     97.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     97.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     97.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     97.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     97.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     97.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     97.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     97.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     97.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     97.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     97.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     97.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     97.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     97.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     97.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     97.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     97.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     97.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     97.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     97.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     97.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     97.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     97.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     97.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     97.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                  4785      0.31%     98.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                 2887      0.19%     98.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead            23961      1.56%     99.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite             307      0.02%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass          1839981      2.61%      2.61% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu             53553758     75.94%     78.54% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                3271      0.00%     78.55% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                74972      0.11%     78.66% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            4928032      6.99%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead             5154001      7.31%     92.95% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite            2575599      3.65%     96.60% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead        2394612      3.40%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite           944      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total              70525170                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          2.309674                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                    1540145                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.021838                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads         158740492                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes        118918761                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     59585728                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads           15055298                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes          17891235                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      6660561                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses              62690248                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses                7535086                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads          214146                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      5762892                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses         3939                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          285                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores      1584762                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         3540                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked           10                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles               1381182                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles                6197874                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles                13031                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts           89010669                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts            50282                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts              9449806                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts             3292032                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts             87941                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                  5661                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                 5220                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           285                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        416307                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1319278                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts             1735585                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts             67451901                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts              6883023                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts          3073273                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                     9251987                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                 6205076                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                   2368964                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    2.209025                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                      66812529                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                     66246289                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                 48963349                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                 86878577                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      2.169542                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.563584                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts       47799321                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.commitNonSpecStalls            108                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts          1381027                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     23265362                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     1.771372                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     2.410766                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     10964378     47.13%     47.13% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2969614     12.76%     59.89% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      3352336     14.41%     74.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      1848313      7.94%     82.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       958391      4.12%     86.36% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       746602      3.21%     89.57% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       327564      1.41%     90.98% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       324893      1.40%     92.38% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      1773271      7.62%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     23265362                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts            18810063                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps              41211602                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                       5394183                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                      3686913                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                         60                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                   4307864                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                   3049197                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                 38593170                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls              369446                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass       696478      1.69%      1.69% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu        32766509     79.51%     81.20% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult           1961      0.00%     81.20% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv           48905      0.12%     81.32% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd       2303566      5.59%     86.91% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     86.91% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     86.91% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     86.91% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     86.91% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     86.91% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     86.91% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     86.91% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     86.91% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     86.91% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     86.91% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     86.91% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     86.91% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     86.91% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     86.91% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     86.91% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     86.91% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     86.91% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     86.91% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     86.91% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     86.91% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     86.91% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     86.91% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     86.91% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     86.91% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     86.91% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     86.91% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     86.91% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead        2952789      7.16%     94.08% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite       1707270      4.14%     98.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead       734124      1.78%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::total         41211602                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events              1773271                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                   110503014                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                  185430787                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                            140                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                            649                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.committedInsts                   18810063                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                     41211602                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                              1.623317                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                        1.623317                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              0.616023                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        0.616023                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads                86255558                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes               50894818                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads                 10515719                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_writes                 6288543                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_reads                 35725099                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_writes                17819800                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads               21940578                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements            23010                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs             550990                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs            23010                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs            23.945676                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data         1024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           11                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          112                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          716                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          130                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           55                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         33328730                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses        33328730                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data      6584587                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        6584587                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data      1696833                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       1696833                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data      8281420                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total         8281420                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data      8281420                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total        8281420                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data        34394                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        34394                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data        10616                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total        10616                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data        45010                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total         45010                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data        45010                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total        45010                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data   2596816500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2596816500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data   1001551500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   1001551500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data   3598368000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   3598368000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data   3598368000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   3598368000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data      6618981                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      6618981                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data      1707449                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1707449                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data      8326430                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total      8326430                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data      8326430                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total      8326430                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.005196                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.005196                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.006217                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.006217                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.005406                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005406                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.005406                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005406                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 75502.020701                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 75502.020701                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94343.585154                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 94343.585154                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 79945.967563                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 79945.967563                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 79945.967563                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 79945.967563                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          147                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                8                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    18.375000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        17361                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total            17361                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data        21475                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        21475                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data          505                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          505                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data        21980                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        21980                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data        21980                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        21980                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        12919                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        12919                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        10111                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        10111                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        23030                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        23030                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        23030                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        23030                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   1096342500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1096342500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    951206000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    951206000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   2047548500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2047548500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   2047548500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2047548500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.001952                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001952                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.005922                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005922                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.002766                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002766                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.002766                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002766                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84862.798978                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84862.798978                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94076.352487                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 94076.352487                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 88907.881025                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 88907.881025                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 88907.881025                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 88907.881025                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements             1435                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse         1021.807668                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs             161183                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs             1435                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs           112.322648                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst  1021.807668                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.997859                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.997859                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1021                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            6                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            6                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            5                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         1004                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.997070                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses         26111070                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses        26111070                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst      6525887                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        6525887                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst      6525887                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total         6525887                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst      6525887                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total        6525887                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst         1517                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         1517                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu0.inst         1517                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total          1517                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu0.inst         1517                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total         1517                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     19443500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     19443500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     19443500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     19443500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     19443500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     19443500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst      6527404                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      6527404                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst      6527404                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total      6527404                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst      6527404                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total      6527404                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000232                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000232                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000232                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000232                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000232                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000232                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 12817.073171                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 12817.073171                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 12817.073171                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 12817.073171                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 12817.073171                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 12817.073171                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::writebacks         1435                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total             1435                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst           63                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           63                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst           63                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           63                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst           63                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           63                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst         1454                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1454                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst         1454                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1454                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst         1454                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1454                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     17631500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     17631500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     17631500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     17631500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     17631500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     17631500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000223                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000223                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000223                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000223                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000223                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000223                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 12126.203576                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12126.203576                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 12126.203576                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12126.203576                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 12126.203576                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12126.203576                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu1.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                     20335                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                        16384                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                       21764                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                     20335                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      1.070273                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks       10.384989                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst        15.112612                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     16358.502400                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.000634                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst        0.000922                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.998444                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total                   1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           10                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          100                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         1006                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3        11222                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         4046                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                    411183                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                   411183                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks        17361                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total            17361                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks         1435                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total             1435                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data                63                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                    63                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu0.inst           1432                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total               1432                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data          2619                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total              2619                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.inst                 1432                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data                 2682                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                     4114                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.inst                1432                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data                2682                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                    4114                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu0.data             20                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::total                 20                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data           10028                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total               10028                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu0.inst            3                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total                3                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data        10300                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total           10300                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.inst                  3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data              20328                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                  20331                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.inst                 3                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data             20328                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                 20331                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    934773000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     934773000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       366000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total       366000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data   1048935000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total   1048935000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       366000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data   1983708000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total       1984074000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       366000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data   1983708000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total      1984074000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks        17361                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        17361                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks         1435                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total         1435                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu0.data           20                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total               20                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data         10091                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total             10091                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu0.inst         1435                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total           1435                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data        12919                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         12919                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst             1435                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data            23010                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total                24445                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst            1435                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data           23010                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total               24445                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total               1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.993757                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.993757                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.002091                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.002091                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.797275                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.797275                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst        0.002091                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.883442                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.831704                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst       0.002091                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.883442                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.831704                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 93216.294376                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 93216.294376                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       122000                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total       122000                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 101838.349515                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 101838.349515                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       122000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 97585.005903                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 97588.608529                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       122000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 97585.005903                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 97588.608529                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                16870                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                     16870                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks            2                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total             2                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data           20                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total            20                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        10028                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total          10028                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            3                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        10300                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total        10300                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst             3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         20328                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total             20331                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            3                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        20328                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total            20331                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data       399000                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       399000                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    834493000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    834493000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       336000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       336000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    945933503                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    945933503                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       336000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   1780426503                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1780762503                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       336000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   1780426503                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1780762503                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.993757                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.993757                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.002091                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002091                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.797275                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.797275                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.002091                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.883442                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.831704                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.002091                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.883442                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.831704                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data        19950                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        19950                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 83216.294376                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 83216.294376                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       112000                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       112000                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 91838.204175                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 91838.204175                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       112000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 87584.932261                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 87588.534897                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       112000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 87584.932261                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 87588.534897                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests         40680                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests        20357                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              10303                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        16870                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict             3459                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq               20                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             10028                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp            10028                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         10303                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port        61011                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total        61011                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  61011                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port      2380864                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total      2380864                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 2380864                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples             20351                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                   20351    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total               20351                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer4.occupancy           113227000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer4.utilization               0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy          110266750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        48929                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests        24445                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests           93                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops              8                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            8                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp             14373                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        34231                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean         1435                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict            9114                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq              20                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp             20                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            10091                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           10091                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq          1454                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        12919                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         4324                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        69070                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                 73394                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       183680                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      2583744                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total                2767424                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                           20354                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                   1080896                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples            44819                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.002254                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.047418                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                  44718     99.77%     99.77% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                    101      0.23%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total              44819                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy           43260500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy           2181000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy          34525499                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
