
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.015267                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 15267344125                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               9481020701625                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                               74325283                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                138533913                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              188074618                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1248976                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                    81.18                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  6033505431                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   11245773350                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data       12695744                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total           12695744                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks        19008                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total           19008                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data          198371                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total              198371                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks           297                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total                297                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data         831562051                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             831562051                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks         1245010                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total              1245010                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks         1245010                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data        831562051                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            832807062                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                      198372                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                        297                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                    198372                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                      297                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM               12693248                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                    2560                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                   18432                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                12695808                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys                19008                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                     40                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     6                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0             12531                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1             12418                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2             12274                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3             12393                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4             12412                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5             12434                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6             12190                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7             12105                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8             12267                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9             12074                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10            12302                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11            12460                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12            12818                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13            12489                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14            12474                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15            12691                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4                53                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5               127                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12               93                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15               15                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   15267408000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                198372                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                  297                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                  150103                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                   45354                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                    2858                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                      17                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                     18                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                     18                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                     18                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                     18                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                     18                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                     18                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                     18                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                     18                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                     19                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                     19                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                     19                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                     18                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                     18                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                     18                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                     18                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                     18                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples        97321                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    130.618633                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   112.245567                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev    77.645943                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127        40539     41.65%     41.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255        45216     46.46%     88.12% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383        10000     10.28%     98.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1395      1.43%     99.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639          142      0.15%     99.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767           16      0.02%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895            5      0.01%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023            1      0.00%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151            7      0.01%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total        97321                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples           18                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean   10903.388889                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean  10647.965763                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev   2381.873216                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::6144-6655            1      5.56%      5.56% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::6656-7167            1      5.56%     11.11% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::8704-9215            1      5.56%     16.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::9216-9727            3     16.67%     33.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::9728-10239            1      5.56%     38.89% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::10240-10751            3     16.67%     55.56% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::10752-11263            1      5.56%     61.11% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::11776-12287            2     11.11%     72.22% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::12288-12799            1      5.56%     77.78% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::12800-13311            1      5.56%     83.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::13312-13823            1      5.56%     88.89% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::13824-14335            1      5.56%     94.44% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::15360-15871            1      5.56%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total            18                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples           18                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean             16                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.000000                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16               18    100.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total            18                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                   4790245000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat              8508970000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                  991660000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     24152.66                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                42902.66                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       831.40                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                         1.21                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    831.57                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                      1.25                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         6.50                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     6.50                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.32                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      25.70                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                   101051                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                     250                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 50.95                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                85.91                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                      76848.47                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    51.00                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                346796940                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                184345920                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy               705117840                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy                 939600                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         1205309040.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy           1639536600                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             24419040                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy      5190384660                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy        86728800                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy                0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy             9383578440                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            614.617602                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime          11607110500                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE      9390000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     509860000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    225497750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    3140983625                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  11381612750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                348053580                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                184987275                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy               710965500                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy                 563760                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         1205309040.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy           1650863640                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             24470400                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy      5128131540                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy       129562560                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy                0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy             9382907295                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            614.573643                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime          11583759000                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE      9498000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     509860000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    337387750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    3164077500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  11246520875                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups                1275426                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted          1275426                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect            46884                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups              916608                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                  28876                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect              4972                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectLookups         916608                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectHits            559626                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectMisses          356982                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu0.branchPredindirectMispredicted        12268                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                     599726                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                      31386                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                       135871                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                          555                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                    1103825                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                         2836                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                    0                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                        30534688                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles           1124029                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                       3619536                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                    1275426                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches            588502                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                     29311216                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                  95698                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.TlbCycles                      1205                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.cpu0.fetch.MiscStallCycles                 676                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles        23894                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                  1100989                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes                 4236                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.ItlbSquashes                      3                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples          30508869                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             0.238308                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            1.228619                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                29066710     95.27%     95.27% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                   11771      0.04%     95.31% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                  567893      1.86%     97.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                   15631      0.05%     97.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                  105323      0.35%     97.57% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                   39540      0.13%     97.70% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                   72117      0.24%     97.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                   14705      0.05%     97.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                  615179      2.02%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total            30508869                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.041770                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       0.118538                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                  521385                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles             29023888                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                   643476                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles               272271                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles                 47849                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts               5958993                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles                 47849                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                  594925                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles               27886179                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles          4111                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                   770144                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles              1205661                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts               5735462                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents                50245                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents                957891                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LQFullEvents                206494                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu0.rename.SQFullEvents                   711                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands            6854221                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups             16108399                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups         7420921                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.fp_rename_lookups            27168                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps              2628479                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                 4225743                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts               123                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts           148                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                  1783597                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads             1065547                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores              44695                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads             3184                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores            2502                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                   5491487                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded               2419                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                  3924562                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued             3189                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined        3300978                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      7213667                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          2419                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     30508869                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        0.128637                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       0.640902                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           28815992     94.45%     94.45% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1             710183      2.33%     96.78% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2             366380      1.20%     97.98% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3             245154      0.80%     98.78% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4             233803      0.77%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5              56581      0.19%     99.74% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6              50962      0.17%     99.90% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7              16244      0.05%     99.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8              13570      0.04%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       30508869                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                   6748     67.39%     67.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     67.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     67.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                  715      7.14%     74.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     74.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     74.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     74.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     74.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     74.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     74.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     74.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     74.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     74.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     74.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     74.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     74.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     74.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     74.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     74.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     74.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     74.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     74.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     74.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     74.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     74.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     74.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     74.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     74.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     74.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     74.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     74.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                  2207     22.04%     96.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                  168      1.68%     98.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead              144      1.44%     99.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite              31      0.31%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            10679      0.27%      0.27% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu              3243178     82.64%     82.91% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                 451      0.01%     82.92% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                 6405      0.16%     83.08% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd               9486      0.24%     83.33% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     83.33% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     83.33% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     83.33% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     83.33% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     83.33% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     83.33% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     83.33% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     83.33% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     83.33% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     83.33% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     83.33% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     83.33% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     83.33% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     83.33% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     83.33% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     83.33% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     83.33% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     83.33% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     83.33% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     83.33% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     83.33% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     83.33% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     83.33% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     83.33% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     83.33% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     83.33% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     83.33% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead              618653     15.76%     99.09% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite              33423      0.85%     99.94% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead           2162      0.06%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite           125      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total               3924562                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          0.128528                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                      10013                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.002551                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads          38346558                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes          8770637                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      3786687                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads              24637                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes             24250                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses        10293                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses               3911220                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses                  12676                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads            3307                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       644686                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           74                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            3                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        25982                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           27                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked         1118                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles                 47849                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles               26422818                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles               249445                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts            5493906                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts             2603                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts              1065547                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts               44695                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts               889                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                 11841                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                52029                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             3                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         28278                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        23907                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts               52185                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts              3870255                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts               599547                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts            54307                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                      630931                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                  478971                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                     31384                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    0.126749                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                       3807207                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                      3796980                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                  2758260                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                  4390658                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      0.124350                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.628211                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts        3301404                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts            47847                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     30048420                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.072980                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     0.485830                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     29064080     96.72%     96.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       461546      1.54%     98.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       110021      0.37%     98.63% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       303581      1.01%     99.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        47888      0.16%     99.80% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        23779      0.08%     99.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         3505      0.01%     99.89% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         3040      0.01%     99.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        30980      0.10%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     30048420                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts             1097535                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps               2192928                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                        439574                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                       420861                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                    401235                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                      7590                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                  2185313                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls                3300                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass         2269      0.10%      0.10% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu         1738973     79.30%     79.40% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult            132      0.01%     79.41% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv            5512      0.25%     79.66% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd          6468      0.29%     79.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     79.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     79.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     79.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     79.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     79.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     79.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     79.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     79.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     79.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     79.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     79.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     79.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead         419739     19.14%     99.10% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite         18713      0.85%     99.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead         1122      0.05%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::total          2192928                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events                30980                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                    35511772                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                   11449973                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                            185                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                          25819                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.committedInsts                    1097535                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                      2192928                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                             27.821152                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                       27.821152                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              0.035944                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        0.035944                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads                 3803777                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes                3290225                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads                    18244                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_writes                    9081                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_reads                  2558898                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_writes                 1052905                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads                2077846                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements           224692                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs             215752                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           224692                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs             0.960212                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data         1024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          144                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          782                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           98                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          2672360                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses         2672360                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data       198880                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         198880                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data        17948                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         17948                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data       216828                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total          216828                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data       216828                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total         216828                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data       394324                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       394324                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data          765                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          765                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data       395089                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total        395089                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data       395089                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total       395089                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  34213074500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  34213074500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     26783498                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     26783498                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  34239857998                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  34239857998                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  34239857998                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  34239857998                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data       593204                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       593204                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data        18713                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        18713                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data       611917                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total       611917                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data       611917                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total       611917                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.664736                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.664736                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.040881                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.040881                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.645658                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.645658                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.645658                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.645658                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 86763.865501                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 86763.865501                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 35011.108497                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 35011.108497                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 86663.658057                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 86663.658057                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 86663.658057                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 86663.658057                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        13377                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs              757                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    17.671070                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1974                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total             1974                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       170391                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       170391                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data            5                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       170396                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       170396                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       170396                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       170396                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       223933                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       223933                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          760                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          760                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       224693                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       224693                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       224693                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       224693                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19362637000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  19362637000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     25635498                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     25635498                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19388272498                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  19388272498                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19388272498                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  19388272498                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.377497                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.377497                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.040613                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.040613                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.367195                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.367195                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.367195                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.367195                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 86466.206410                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 86466.206410                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 33730.918421                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 33730.918421                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 86287.834948                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 86287.834948                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 86287.834948                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 86287.834948                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse                1019                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst         1019                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.995117                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.995117                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1019                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         1019                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.995117                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses          4403956                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses         4403956                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst      1100989                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        1100989                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst      1100989                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total         1100989                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst      1100989                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total        1100989                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst      1100989                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1100989                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst      1100989                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total      1100989                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst      1100989                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total      1100989                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu1.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                    198373                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                        16384                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                      247903                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                    198373                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      1.249681                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks       13.108852                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     16370.891148                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.000800                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.999200                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total                   1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          137                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1         1179                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2        11052                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         3987                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           29                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                   3791053                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                  3791053                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         1974                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total             1974                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data               584                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                   584                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data         25736                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total             25736                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data                26320                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                    26320                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data               26320                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                   26320                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data             176                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                 176                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data       198197                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total          198197                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data             198373                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 198373                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data            198373                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                198373                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     18081000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      18081000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18731554500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total  18731554500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18749635500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      18749635500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18749635500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     18749635500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         1974                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         1974                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data           760                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total               760                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data       223933                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        223933                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data           224693                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               224693                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data          224693                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              224693                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.231579                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.231579                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.885073                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.885073                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.882862                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.882862                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.882862                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.882862                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 102732.954545                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 102732.954545                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94509.778150                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 94509.778150                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94517.073896                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 94517.073896                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94517.073896                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 94517.073896                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                  297                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                       297                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          176                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            176                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       198197                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total       198197                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        198373                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            198373                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       198373                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           198373                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     16321000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     16321000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16749594500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  16749594500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16765915500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  16765915500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16765915500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  16765915500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.231579                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.231579                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.885073                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.885073                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.882862                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.882862                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.882862                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.882862                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 92732.954545                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 92732.954545                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84509.828605                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84509.828605                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84517.124306                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84517.124306                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84517.124306                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84517.124306                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        396736                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       198373                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             198196                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          297                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict           198067                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq               176                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp              176                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        198196                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       595108                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total       595108                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 595108                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     12714816                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total     12714816                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                12714816                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            198372                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                  198372    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              198372                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer4.occupancy           468861500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer4.utilization               3.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         1071076250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              7.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       449385                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       224692                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests          530                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops              9                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            8                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            1                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp            223932                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         2271                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict          420794                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq              760                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp             760                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       223933                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       674077                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                674077                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     14506624                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total               14506624                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                          198373                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                     19008                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples           423066                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.001276                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.035770                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                 422527     99.87%     99.87% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                    538      0.13%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      1      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total             423066                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy          226666500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              1.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy         337038000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             2.2                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
