
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.015267                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 15267344125                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               2259566930500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                               12391424                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                 22588986                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               37888622                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1248976                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   402.95                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  4993164618                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    9102305369                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.inst            320                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data        1057984                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total            1058304                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst          320                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total           320                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks      1007616                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total         1007616                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.inst               5                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data           16531                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total               16536                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks         15744                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total              15744                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.inst             20960                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data          69297187                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total              69318147                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst        20960                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total            20960                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks        65998119                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total             65998119                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks        65998119                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.inst            20960                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data         69297187                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            135316266                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                       16536                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                      15744                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                     16536                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                    15744                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM                1058240                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                      64                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                 1008512                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                 1058304                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys              1007616                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                      1                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0              1026                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1              1096                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2              1105                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3              1202                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4              1132                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5              1143                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6              1036                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7              1053                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8               930                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9               964                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10              947                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11              922                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12              879                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13             1022                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14             1003                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15             1075                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0               987                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1              1043                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2              1062                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3              1149                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4              1072                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5              1089                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6               978                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7              1011                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8               883                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9               899                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10              901                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11              863                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12              857                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13              978                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14              962                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15             1024                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   15266343500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                 16536                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                15744                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                   15580                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                     948                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                       6                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                       1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                    544                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                    570                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                    902                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                    913                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                    912                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                    914                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                    913                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                    913                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                    913                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                    914                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                    915                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                    914                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                    914                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                    913                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                    913                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                    939                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                    913                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                    913                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples        23281                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean     88.787939                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean    80.629348                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev    49.204787                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::64-127        16788     72.11%     72.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-191         4924     21.15%     93.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::192-255         1002      4.30%     97.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-319          348      1.49%     99.06% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::320-383          112      0.48%     99.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-447           61      0.26%     99.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::448-511           34      0.15%     99.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-575            8      0.03%     99.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::576-639            4      0.02%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total        23281                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples          913                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean      18.127054                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     18.069589                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev      1.450674                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::15                7      0.77%      0.77% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::16              145     15.88%     16.65% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::17              135     14.79%     31.43% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::18              270     29.57%     61.01% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::19              214     23.44%     84.45% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::20               99     10.84%     95.29% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::21               28      3.07%     98.36% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::22                9      0.99%     99.34% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::23                6      0.66%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total           913                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples          913                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      17.259584                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     17.229634                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      1.010623                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16              342     37.46%     37.46% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::17               27      2.96%     40.42% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18              510     55.86%     96.28% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::19               33      3.61%     99.89% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::20                1      0.11%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total           913                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                    481923000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat               791954250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                   82675000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     29145.63                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                47895.63                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                        69.31                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                        66.06                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                     69.32                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                     66.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         1.06                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     0.54                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.52                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.11                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      24.96                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                     5679                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                    3335                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 34.35                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                21.18                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                     472935.05                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    27.93                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                 88293240                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                 46928970                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy                62782020                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy               43801020                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         1225592160.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy            999816480                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             33521280                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy      4393295520                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy      1213695840                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy         80410680                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy             8188353840                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            536.331255                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime          12985616375                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE     27496500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     518854000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF    191898250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN   3160732750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    1734287000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   9634075625                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                 77918820                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                 41422425                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy                55277880                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy               38455740                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         1227436080.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy           1023888150                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             33224640                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy      4210822560                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy      1339939200                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy         88376520                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy             8136814905                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            532.955492                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime          12933971375                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE     29029250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     519646000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF    211647250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN   3489653250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    1783048000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   9234320375                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups               13272058                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted         13272058                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect          1378955                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups            11143438                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                1058247                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect            191728                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectLookups       11143438                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectHits           2683144                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectMisses         8460294                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu0.branchPredindirectMispredicted       901294                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                    6969774                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                    2325821                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                        84993                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                        15988                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                    6545644                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                         2353                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                   19                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                        30534689                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles           7378785                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                      56645815                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                   13272058                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches           3741391                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                     21760769                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                2759904                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.MiscStallCycles                 814                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles        13768                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                  6543292                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes               320912                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples          30534088                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             4.040447                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            3.670333                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                12087013     39.59%     39.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                  531023      1.74%     41.32% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                  895894      2.93%     44.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                 1350057      4.42%     48.68% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                  593207      1.94%     50.62% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                 1158357      3.79%     54.42% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                 1013336      3.32%     57.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                  487841      1.60%     59.33% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                12417360     40.67%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total            30534088                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.434655                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       1.855130                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                 5573712                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles              8333299                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                 13817765                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles              1429360                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles               1379952                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts             110536350                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles               1379952                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                 6644686                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles                6979216                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles        238101                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                 13960770                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles              1331363                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts             103338091                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents                33370                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents                700423                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LQFullEvents                  1361                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu0.rename.SQFullEvents                396367                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands          116247378                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups            256145581                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups       140347620                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.fp_rename_lookups         19705283                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps             48299171                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                67948170                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts             31813                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts         34172                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                  3236395                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads             9500687                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores            3236001                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads           153723                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores          162554                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                  89627328                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded             208449                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                 71190446                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued           690159                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       48209724                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     69670092                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved        208370                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     30534088                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        2.331507                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       2.596843                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           13308486     43.59%     43.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1            2218960      7.27%     50.85% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2            2744892      8.99%     59.84% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3            2307869      7.56%     67.40% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4            2350193      7.70%     75.10% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5            2239010      7.33%     82.43% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6            2665339      8.73%     91.16% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7            1624473      5.32%     96.48% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8            1074866      3.52%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       30534088                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                1464071     93.00%     93.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     93.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     93.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                81768      5.19%     98.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     98.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     98.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     98.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     98.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     98.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     98.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     98.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     98.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     98.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     98.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     98.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     98.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     98.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     98.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     98.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     98.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     98.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     98.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     98.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     98.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     98.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     98.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     98.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     98.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     98.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     98.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     98.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                  4390      0.28%     98.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                 1549      0.10%     98.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead            22219      1.41%     99.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite             319      0.02%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass          1866999      2.62%      2.62% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu             54066918     75.95%     78.57% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                2530      0.00%     78.57% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                74380      0.10%     78.68% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            5045616      7.09%     85.76% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     85.76% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     85.76% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     85.76% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     85.76% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     85.76% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     85.76% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     85.76% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     85.76% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     85.76% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     85.76% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     85.76% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     85.76% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     85.76% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     85.76% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     85.76% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     85.76% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     85.76% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     85.76% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     85.76% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     85.76% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     85.76% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     85.76% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     85.76% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     85.76% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     85.76% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.76% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     85.76% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead             5138148      7.22%     92.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite            2529483      3.55%     96.54% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead        2465399      3.46%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite           973      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total              71190446                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          2.331461                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                    1574316                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.022114                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads         159744223                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes        119679997                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     60087848                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads           15435231                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes          18365752                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      6850691                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses              63175202                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses                7722561                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads          215354                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      5788712                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses         3643                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          282                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores      1583650                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         3240                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked           18                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles               1379952                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles                6239877                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles                10390                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts           89835777                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts            50609                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts              9500687                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts             3236001                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts             86368                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                  4465                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                 4071                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           282                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        418671                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1308625                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts             1727296                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts             68120366                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts              6933337                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts          3070079                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                     9258328                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                 6257733                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                   2324991                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    2.230917                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                      67496787                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                     66938539                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                 49582414                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                 88059592                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      2.192213                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.563055                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts       48209873                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.commitNonSpecStalls             79                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts          1379794                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     23216590                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     1.792944                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     2.415117                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     10738101     46.25%     46.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      3050302     13.14%     59.39% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      3427839     14.76%     74.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      1843102      7.94%     82.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       949126      4.09%     86.18% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       768839      3.31%     89.49% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       321515      1.38%     90.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       321166      1.38%     92.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      1796600      7.74%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     23216590                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts            18923593                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps              41626037                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                       5364326                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                      3711975                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                         40                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                   4355799                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                   3128372                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                 38943395                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls              370873                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass       718375      1.73%      1.73% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu        33136166     79.60%     81.33% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult            664      0.00%     81.33% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv           49198      0.12%     81.45% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd       2357308      5.66%     87.11% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     87.11% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     87.11% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     87.11% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     87.11% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     87.11% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     87.11% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     87.11% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     87.11% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     87.11% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     87.11% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     87.11% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     87.11% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     87.11% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     87.11% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     87.11% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     87.11% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     87.11% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     87.11% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     87.11% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     87.11% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     87.11% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     87.11% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     87.11% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     87.11% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     87.11% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     87.11% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     87.11% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead        2950739      7.09%     94.20% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite       1652351      3.97%     98.17% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead       761236      1.83%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::total         41626037                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events              1796600                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                   111255900                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                  187127515                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                             92                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                            601                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.committedInsts                   18923593                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                     41626037                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                              1.613578                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                        1.613578                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              0.619741                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        0.619741                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads                86976070                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes               51372918                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads                 10809414                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_writes                 6460114                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_reads                 36177157                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_writes                17995084                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads               22032007                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements            18694                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs             491659                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs            18694                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs            26.300364                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data         1024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            9                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          141                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          740                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           77                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           57                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         33317838                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses        33317838                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data      6649746                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        6649746                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data      1642931                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       1642931                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data      8292677                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total         8292677                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data      8292677                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total        8292677                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data        22340                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        22340                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data         9769                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         9769                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data        32109                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total         32109                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data        32109                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total        32109                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data   1630232500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1630232500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    927056000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    927056000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data   2557288500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2557288500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data   2557288500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2557288500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data      6672086                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      6672086                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data      1652700                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1652700                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data      8324786                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total      8324786                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data      8324786                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total      8324786                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.003348                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.003348                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.005911                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.005911                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.003857                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.003857                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.003857                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.003857                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 72973.701880                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 72973.701880                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94897.737742                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 94897.737742                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 79643.978324                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 79643.978324                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 79643.978324                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 79643.978324                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          282                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                7                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    40.285714                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        16203                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total            16203                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data        12940                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        12940                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data          463                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          463                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data        13403                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        13403                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data        13403                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        13403                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         9400                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         9400                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         9306                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         9306                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        18706                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        18706                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        18706                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        18706                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    810350000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    810350000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    879651500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    879651500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   1690001500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1690001500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   1690001500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1690001500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.001409                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001409                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.005631                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005631                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.002247                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002247                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.002247                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002247                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 86207.446809                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 86207.446809                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94525.198796                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 94525.198796                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 90345.423928                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 90345.423928                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 90345.423928                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 90345.423928                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements              824                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse         1022.248673                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs             110352                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs              824                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs           133.922330                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst  1022.248673                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.998290                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.998290                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1023                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           11                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            9                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         1003                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.999023                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses         26174005                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses        26174005                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst      6542435                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        6542435                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst      6542435                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total         6542435                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst      6542435                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total        6542435                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst          857                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          857                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu0.inst          857                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total           857                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu0.inst          857                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total          857                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     11320500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     11320500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     11320500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     11320500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     11320500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     11320500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst      6543292                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      6543292                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst      6543292                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total      6543292                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst      6543292                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total      6543292                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000131                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000131                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000131                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000131                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000131                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000131                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 13209.451575                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 13209.451575                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 13209.451575                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 13209.451575                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 13209.451575                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 13209.451575                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::writebacks          824                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total              824                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst           20                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           20                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst           20                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           20                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst           20                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           20                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          837                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          837                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          837                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          837                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          837                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          837                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     10378500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     10378500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     10378500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     10378500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     10378500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     10378500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000128                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000128                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000128                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000128                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000128                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000128                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 12399.641577                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12399.641577                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 12399.641577                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12399.641577                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 12399.641577                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12399.641577                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu1.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                     16542                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                        16384                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                       17795                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                     16542                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      1.075747                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks       13.669979                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst        18.616327                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     16351.713694                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.000834                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst        0.001136                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.998029                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total                   1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          123                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         1207                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         9373                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         5673                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                    328702                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                   328702                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks        16203                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total            16203                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks          824                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total              824                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu0.data               13                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total                   13                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data                82                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                    82                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu0.inst            819                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total                819                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data          2080                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total              2080                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.inst                  819                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data                 2162                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                     2981                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.inst                 819                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data                2162                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                    2981                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data            9211                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                9211                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu0.inst            5                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total                5                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data         7320                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total            7320                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.inst                  5                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data              16531                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                  16536                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.inst                 5                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data             16531                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                 16536                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    864679500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     864679500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       498000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total       498000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    774001500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total    774001500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       498000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data   1638681000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total       1639179000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       498000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data   1638681000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total      1639179000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks        16203                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        16203                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks          824                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total          824                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu0.data           13                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total               13                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data          9293                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total              9293                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu0.inst          824                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total            824                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data         9400                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total          9400                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst              824                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data            18693                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total                19517                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst             824                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data           18693                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total               19517                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.991176                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.991176                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.006068                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.006068                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.778723                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.778723                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst        0.006068                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.884342                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.847261                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst       0.006068                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.884342                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.847261                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 93874.660732                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 93874.660732                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        99600                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total        99600                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 105737.909836                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 105737.909836                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        99600                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 99127.759966                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 99127.902758                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        99600                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 99127.759966                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 99127.902758                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                15744                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                     15744                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         9211                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           9211                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            5                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total            5                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         7320                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total         7320                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst             5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         16531                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total             16536                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            5                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        16531                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total            16536                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    772559500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    772559500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       448000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       448000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    700801500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    700801500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       448000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   1473361000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1473809000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       448000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   1473361000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1473809000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.991176                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.991176                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.006068                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006068                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.778723                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.778723                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.006068                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.884342                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.847261                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.006068                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.884342                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.847261                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 83873.575073                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 83873.575073                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        89600                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        89600                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 95737.909836                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 95737.909836                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        89600                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 89127.155042                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 89127.298016                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        89600                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 89127.155042                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 89127.298016                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests         33074                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests        16541                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               7325                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        15744                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict              794                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq              9211                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp             9212                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq          7325                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port        49611                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total        49611                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  49611                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port      2065984                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total      2065984                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 2065984                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples             16536                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                   16536    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total               16536                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer4.occupancy            99999500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer4.utilization               0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           89785250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        39061                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests        19518                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests           54                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops              4                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            4                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp             10237                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        31947                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean          824                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict            3289                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq              13                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp             13                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             9293                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp            9294                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq           837                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         9400                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         2485                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        56107                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                 58592                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       105472                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      2233408                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total                2338880                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                           16555                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                   1008448                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples            36085                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.001607                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.040060                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                  36027     99.84%     99.84% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                     58      0.16%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total              36085                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy           36557500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy           1255500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy          28047500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
