
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.015267                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 15267344125                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               10503932758000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                               58049331                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                108444045                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              143236284                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1248976                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   106.59                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  6187389933                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   11558887718                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.inst          24256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data        9998976                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total           10023232                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst        24256                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total         24256                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks      9950400                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total         9950400                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.inst             379                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data          156234                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total              156613                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks        155475                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total             155475                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.inst           1588750                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data         654925697                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             656514448                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst      1588750                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total          1588750                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks       651744005                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total            651744005                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks       651744005                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.inst          1588750                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data        654925697                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total           1308258453                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                      156613                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                     155475                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                    156613                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                   155475                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM               10023232                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                       0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                 9950144                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                10023232                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys              9950400                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                      0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0             10058                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1             10288                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2             10139                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3             10073                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4              9713                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5              9243                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6              9668                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7              9656                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8              9530                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9              9511                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10             9901                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11             9650                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12             9452                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13             9607                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14            10072                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15            10052                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0              9965                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1             10258                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2              9977                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3             10010                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4              9633                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5              9227                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6              9589                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7              9439                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8              9388                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9              9504                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10             9879                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11             9633                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12             9379                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13             9575                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14            10026                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15             9989                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   15267328000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                156613                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6               155475                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                  155497                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                     723                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                     282                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                      96                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                      14                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                     20                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                     23                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                   9607                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                   9647                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                   9683                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                   9706                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                   9735                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                   9730                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                   9726                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                   9726                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                   9732                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                   9724                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                   9732                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                   9741                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                   9744                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                   9744                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                   9726                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                   9715                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples        27527                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    725.587532                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   569.112521                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   357.582335                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127         1981      7.20%      7.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255         2337      8.49%     15.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383         1978      7.19%     22.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1768      6.42%     29.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639         1800      6.54%     35.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767         1321      4.80%     40.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1439      5.23%     45.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         1186      4.31%     50.17% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151        13717     49.83%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total        27527                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples         9711                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean      16.126969                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     16.075751                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev      1.612402                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4-7               4      0.04%      0.04% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::8-11             47      0.48%      0.53% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::12-15           113      1.16%      1.69% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::16-19          9394     96.74%     98.42% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::20-23           111      1.14%     99.57% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::24-27            26      0.27%     99.84% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::28-31             5      0.05%     99.89% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::32-35             1      0.01%     99.90% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::36-39             1      0.01%     99.91% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::40-43             2      0.02%     99.93% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::44-47             1      0.01%     99.94% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::48-51             3      0.03%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::56-59             1      0.01%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::72-75             1      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::76-79             1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total          9711                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples         9711                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      16.009783                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.008962                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.173434                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16             9674     99.62%     99.62% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::17                6      0.06%     99.68% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18               13      0.13%     99.81% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::19               13      0.13%     99.95% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::20                2      0.02%     99.97% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::21                2      0.02%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::22                1      0.01%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total          9711                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                   2891720750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat              5828214500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                  783065000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     18464.12                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                37214.12                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       656.51                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                       651.73                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    656.51                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                    651.74                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                        10.22                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     5.13                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    5.09                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.01                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      26.16                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                   143015                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                  141542                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 91.32                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                91.04                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                      48919.95                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    91.18                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                 99381660                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                 52826400                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy               562903320                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy              407671560                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         756621840.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy           1533678480                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             62180160                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy      2093138610                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy       320521920                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy       1564167480                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy             7453183350                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            488.178120                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime          11741834125                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE     42853250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     320702000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF   6316978500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    834719000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    3161894250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   4590197125                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                 97161120                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                 51638565                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy               555313500                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy              403887060                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         743714400.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy           1500643560                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             63342720                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy      2073285510                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy       305594400                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy       1599501900                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy             7394297505                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            484.321140                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime          11810967125                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE     44111250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     315272000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF   6468524375                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    795770500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    3096974500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   4546691500                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups                1307136                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted          1307136                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect             7374                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups             1298771                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                   4484                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect               923                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectLookups        1298771                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectHits           1258117                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectMisses           40654                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu0.branchPredindirectMispredicted         5206                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                     351822                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                    1290798                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                          873                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                         2685                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                      53726                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                          253                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                   67                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                        30534689                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles             78624                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                       5722416                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                    1307136                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches           1262601                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                     30413784                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                  15338                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.TlbCycles                       118                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.cpu0.fetch.MiscStallCycles                 130                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles         1007                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                    53570                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes                 2213                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.ItlbSquashes                      1                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples          30501332                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             0.378280                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            1.648510                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                28828249     94.51%     94.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                   39960      0.13%     94.65% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                   43028      0.14%     94.79% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                  224856      0.74%     95.52% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                   27957      0.09%     95.62% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                    9103      0.03%     95.65% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                   10093      0.03%     95.68% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                   25130      0.08%     95.76% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                 1292956      4.24%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total            30501332                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.042808                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       0.187407                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                  415363                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles             28631649                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                   642922                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles               803729                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles                  7669                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts              11467295                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles                  7669                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                  693141                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles                 283710                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles         16776                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                  1167648                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles             28332388                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts              11429778                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents                 1366                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents                 18335                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LQFullEvents                  4725                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu0.rename.SQFullEvents              28037963                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands           14552303                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups             24187374                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups        13145137                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.fp_rename_lookups           314256                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps             14257852                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                  294451                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts               154                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts           167                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                  4962303                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads              363649                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores            1299521                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads            20642                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores           20816                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                  11361572                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded                897                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                 11292565                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued             2223                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined         191575                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       279379                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           770                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     30501332                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        0.370232                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       1.245523                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           27433859     89.94%     89.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1             471333      1.55%     91.49% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2             554288      1.82%     93.31% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3             348897      1.14%     94.45% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4             325240      1.07%     95.52% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5            1057340      3.47%     98.98% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6             119482      0.39%     99.37% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7             165731      0.54%     99.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8              25162      0.08%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       30501332                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                  73190     94.20%     94.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     94.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     94.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                  474      0.61%     94.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     94.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     94.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     94.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     94.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     94.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     94.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     94.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     94.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     94.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     94.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     94.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     94.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     94.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     94.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     94.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     94.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     94.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     94.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     94.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     94.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     94.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     94.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     94.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     94.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     94.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     94.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     94.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                   784      1.01%     95.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                  228      0.29%     96.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead             2773      3.57%     99.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite             251      0.32%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass             4569      0.04%      0.04% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu              9555466     84.62%     84.66% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                 108      0.00%     84.66% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                  345      0.00%     84.66% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd              84774      0.75%     85.41% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     85.41% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     85.41% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     85.41% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     85.41% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     85.41% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     85.41% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     85.41% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     85.41% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     85.41% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     85.41% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     85.41% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     85.41% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     85.41% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     85.41% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     85.41% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     85.41% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     85.41% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     85.41% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     85.41% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     85.41% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     85.41% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     85.41% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     85.41% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     85.41% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     85.41% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.41% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     85.41% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead              308287      2.73%     88.14% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite            1250813     11.08%     99.22% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead          46628      0.41%     99.63% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite         41575      0.37%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total              11292565                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          0.369827                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                      77700                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.006881                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads          52781141                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes         11341131                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     11077860                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads             385244                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            213141                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       188741                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses              11171402                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses                 194294                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads            2543                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        26584                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           47                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          240                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        14542                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           17                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked          634                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles                  7669                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles                  64052                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles               179441                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts           11362469                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts              916                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts               363649                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts             1299521                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts               393                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                   422                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents               178863                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           240                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect          2051                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         7249                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts                9300                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts             11275071                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts               351663                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts            17494                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                     1642443                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                 1277020                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                   1290780                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    0.369254                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                      11270153                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                     11266601                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                  8222394                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                 11537821                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      0.368977                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.712647                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts         191821                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.commitNonSpecStalls            127                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts             7495                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     30470486                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.366614                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.268934                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     27499458     90.25%     90.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       339763      1.12%     91.36% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       323103      1.06%     92.42% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      1138252      3.74%     96.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        64190      0.21%     96.37% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       721480      2.37%     98.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        72788      0.24%     98.98% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        22335      0.07%     99.05% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       289117      0.95%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     30470486                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts             5520755                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps              11170894                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                       1622044                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                       337065                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                         40                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                   1269554                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                    184903                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                 11072709                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls                1377                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass         2360      0.02%      0.02% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu         9463521     84.72%     84.74% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult             91      0.00%     84.74% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv             274      0.00%     84.74% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd         82604      0.74%     85.48% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     85.48% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     85.48% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.48% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.48% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     85.48% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     85.48% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.48% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     85.48% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.48% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     85.48% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     85.48% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     85.48% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     85.48% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     85.48% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.48% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.48% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.48% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     85.48% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.48% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.48% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.48% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.48% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.48% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     85.48% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.48% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.48% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.48% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead         292755      2.62%     88.10% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite       1243983     11.14%     99.24% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead        44310      0.40%     99.63% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite        40996      0.37%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::total         11170894                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events               289117                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                    41544084                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                   22756844                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                            321                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                          33357                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.committedInsts                    5520755                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                     11170894                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                              5.530890                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                        5.530890                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              0.180803                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        0.180803                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads                12894603                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes                8551324                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads                   291399                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_writes                  146459                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_reads                  6369285                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_writes                 5669207                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads                4204417                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements           156289                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs            1463235                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           156289                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs             9.362367                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data         1024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           90                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          857                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           77                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          6688293                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses         6688293                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data       343905                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         343905                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data      1130248                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       1130248                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data      1474153                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total         1474153                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data      1474153                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total        1474153                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data         4105                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         4105                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data       154743                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       154743                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data       158848                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total        158848                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data       158848                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total       158848                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    396084000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    396084000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13962566999                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  13962566999                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  14358650999                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  14358650999                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  14358650999                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  14358650999                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data       348010                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       348010                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data      1284991                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1284991                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data      1633001                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1633001                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data      1633001                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1633001                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.011796                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.011796                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.120423                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.120423                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.097274                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.097274                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.097274                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.097274                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 96488.185140                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 96488.185140                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 90230.685711                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 90230.685711                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 90392.393980                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 90392.393980                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 90392.393980                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 90392.393980                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        16165                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets          216                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs              184                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              2                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    87.853261                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          108                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       155184                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total           155184                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data         2546                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         2546                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data         2555                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         2555                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data         2555                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         2555                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         1559                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1559                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       154734                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       154734                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       156293                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       156293                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       156293                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       156293                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    166670500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    166670500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13806924999                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  13806924999                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13973595499                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  13973595499                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13973595499                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  13973595499                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.004480                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004480                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.120416                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.120416                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.095709                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.095709                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.095709                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.095709                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 106908.595253                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106908.595253                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 89230.065784                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 89230.065784                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 89406.406551                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 89406.406551                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 89406.406551                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 89406.406551                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements              706                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse         1019.999176                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs              15888                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs              706                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs            22.504249                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst  1019.999176                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.996093                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.996093                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1020                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          120                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           72                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          828                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.996094                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses           214990                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses          214990                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst        52708                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          52708                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst        52708                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total           52708                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst        52708                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total          52708                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst          862                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          862                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu0.inst          862                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total           862                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu0.inst          862                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total          862                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     54186000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     54186000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     54186000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     54186000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     54186000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     54186000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst        53570                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        53570                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst        53570                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total        53570                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst        53570                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total        53570                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.016091                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.016091                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.016091                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.016091                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.016091                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.016091                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 62860.788863                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 62860.788863                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 62860.788863                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 62860.788863                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 62860.788863                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 62860.788863                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            2                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            2                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::writebacks          706                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total              706                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst          152                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          152                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst          152                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          152                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst          152                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          152                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          710                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          710                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          710                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          710                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          710                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          710                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     45586000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     45586000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     45586000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     45586000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     45586000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     45586000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.013254                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.013254                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.013254                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.013254                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.013254                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.013254                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 64205.633803                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64205.633803                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 64205.633803                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64205.633803                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 64205.633803                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64205.633803                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu1.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                    157235                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                        16384                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                      156883                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                    157235                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      0.997761                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks       53.558912                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst        32.363474                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     16298.077614                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.003269                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst        0.001975                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.994756                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total                   1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           90                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          857                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         9187                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         6250                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                   2668923                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                  2668923                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks       155184                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total           155184                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks          704                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total              704                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu0.data                4                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total                    4                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data                19                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                    19                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu0.inst            327                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total                327                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data            36                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total                36                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.inst                  327                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data                   55                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                      382                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.inst                 327                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data                  55                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                     382                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data          154711                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total              154711                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu0.inst          379                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total              379                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data         1523                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total            1523                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.inst                379                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data             156234                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 156613                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.inst               379                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data            156234                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                156613                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13574552500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   13574552500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     41064000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total     41064000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    163873500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total    163873500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     41064000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13738426000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      13779490000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     41064000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13738426000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     13779490000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks       155184                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       155184                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks          704                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total          704                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu0.data            4                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total                4                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data        154730                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total            154730                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu0.inst          706                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total            706                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data         1559                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total          1559                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst              706                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data           156289                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               156995                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst             706                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data          156289                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              156995                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.999877                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.999877                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.536827                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.536827                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.976908                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.976908                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst        0.536827                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.999648                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.997567                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst       0.536827                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.999648                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.997567                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 87741.353233                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 87741.353233                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 108348.284960                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 108348.284960                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 107599.146422                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 107599.146422                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 108348.284960                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 87934.930937                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 87984.330803                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 108348.284960                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 87934.930937                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 87984.330803                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks               155475                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                    155475                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       154711                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total         154711                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          379                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total          379                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         1523                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total         1523                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst           379                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        156234                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            156613                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          379                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       156234                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           156613                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  12027442500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  12027442500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     37274000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     37274000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    148643500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    148643500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     37274000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  12176086000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  12213360000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     37274000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  12176086000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  12213360000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.999877                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999877                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.536827                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.536827                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.976908                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.976908                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.536827                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.999648                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.997567                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.536827                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.999648                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.997567                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 77741.353233                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77741.353233                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 98348.284960                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98348.284960                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 97599.146422                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 97599.146422                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 98348.284960                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 77934.930937                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77984.330803                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 98348.284960                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 77934.930937                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77984.330803                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        313329                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       156736                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               1902                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       155475                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict             1241                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            154711                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           154711                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq          1902                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       469942                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total       469942                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 469942                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     19973632                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total     19973632                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                19973632                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            156613                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                  156613    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              156613                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer4.occupancy           935833500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer4.utilization               6.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy          823663000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              5.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       313998                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       156995                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests          113                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops            586                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops          586                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp              2269                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       310659                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean          706                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict            2865                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq               4                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp              4                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq           154730                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp          154730                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq           710                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         1559                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         2122                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       468875                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                470997                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        90368                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     19934272                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total               20024640                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                          157239                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                   9950656                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples           314238                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.002224                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.047111                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                 313539     99.78%     99.78% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                    699      0.22%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total             314238                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy          312889000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              2.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy           1065000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy         234435500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             1.5                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
