
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.015267                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 15267344125                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               9923773681250                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                               72609104                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                135385687                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              182777070                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1248976                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                    83.53                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  6065026381                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   11308746261                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data       12889152                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total           12889152                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks        17984                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total           17984                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data          201393                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total              201393                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks           281                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total                281                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data         844230136                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             844230136                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks         1177939                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total              1177939                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks         1177939                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data        844230136                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            845408075                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                      201394                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                        281                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                    201394                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                      281                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM               12886592                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                    2624                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                   17408                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                12889216                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys                17984                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                     41                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     3                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0             12380                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1             12701                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2             12619                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3             12596                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4             12690                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5             12589                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6             12541                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7             12719                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8             12429                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9             12501                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10            12251                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11            12306                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12            12963                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13            12686                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14            12618                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15            12764                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2                15                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6                 8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8                 3                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9               128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10               26                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12               92                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   15267370000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                201394                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                  281                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                  150925                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                   47090                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                    3316                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                      22                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                     17                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                     17                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                     17                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                     17                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                     17                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                     17                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                     18                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                     18                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                     18                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                     18                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                     18                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                     18                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                     17                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                     17                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                     17                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                     17                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples        97851                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    131.872664                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   113.331979                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev    78.228572                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127        39821     40.70%     40.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255        46045     47.06%     87.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383        10312     10.54%     98.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1492      1.52%     99.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639          152      0.16%     99.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767           15      0.02%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895            6      0.01%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023            1      0.00%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151            7      0.01%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total        97851                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples           17                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean   11782.647059                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean  11595.253575                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev   2098.579786                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::8192-8703            2     11.76%     11.76% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::9216-9727            1      5.88%     17.65% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::9728-10239            2     11.76%     29.41% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::10240-10751            2     11.76%     41.18% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::12288-12799            4     23.53%     64.71% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::12800-13311            1      5.88%     70.59% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::13312-13823            2     11.76%     82.35% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::13824-14335            2     11.76%     94.12% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::14336-14847            1      5.88%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total            17                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples           17                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean             16                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.000000                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16               17    100.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total            17                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                   4781759250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat              8557128000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                 1006765000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     23748.14                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                42498.14                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       844.06                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                         1.14                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    844.23                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                      1.18                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         6.60                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     6.59                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.33                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      25.68                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                   103535                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                     239                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 51.42                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                85.97                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                      75702.84                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    51.47                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                349317360                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                185666580                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy               719961900                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy                 120060                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         1205309040.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy           1658218350                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             24712320                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy      5118846240                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy       130945920                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy                0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy             9393097770                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            615.241112                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime          11566819375                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE     10128000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     509860000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    340991750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    3180121250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  11226243125                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                349338780                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                185677965                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy               717698520                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy                1299780                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         1205309040.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy           1656134430                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             24480960                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy      5087386230                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy       159424800                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy                0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy             9386750505                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            614.825370                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime          11572251125                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE      9522000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     509860000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    415170000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    3175711000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  11157081125                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups                1410893                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted          1410893                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect            54926                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups             1073553                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                  34246                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect              5712                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectLookups        1073553                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectHits            603482                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectMisses          470071                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu0.branchPredindirectMispredicted        15872                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                     636242                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                      35866                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                       131923                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                          612                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                    1189929                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                         2829                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                    0                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                        30534688                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles           1215627                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                       4038495                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                    1410893                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches            637728                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                     29189954                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                 111748                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.TlbCycles                      2264                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.cpu0.fetch.MiscStallCycles                 664                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles        27580                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                  1187100                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes                 5138                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.ItlbSquashes                      8                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples          30491963                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             0.265857                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            1.299892                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                28904180     94.79%     94.79% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                   17908      0.06%     94.85% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                  602063      1.97%     96.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                   19200      0.06%     96.89% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                  114476      0.38%     97.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                   45981      0.15%     97.42% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                   74448      0.24%     97.66% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                   17297      0.06%     97.72% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                  696410      2.28%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total            30491963                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.046206                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       0.132259                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                  580530                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles             28838873                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                   737843                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles               278843                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles                 55874                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts               6576446                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles                 55874                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                  658419                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles               27658046                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles          9670                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                   865252                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles              1244702                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts               6314813                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents                61829                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents                955005                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LQFullEvents                256126                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu0.rename.SQFullEvents                   165                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands            7534369                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups             17679353                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups         8206286                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.fp_rename_lookups            26353                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps              2578680                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                 4955628                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts               166                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts           216                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                  1803631                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads             1167830                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores              51836                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads             2351                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores            2826                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                   6023160                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded               2898                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                  4220283                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued             3523                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined        3873441                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      8327500                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          2898                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     30491963                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        0.138406                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       0.671455                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           28715874     94.18%     94.18% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1             723655      2.37%     96.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2             380333      1.25%     97.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3             249374      0.82%     98.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4             265892      0.87%     99.49% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5              64864      0.21%     99.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6              58667      0.19%     99.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7              18482      0.06%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8              14822      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       30491963                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                   7137     67.80%     67.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     67.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     67.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                  749      7.12%     74.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     74.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     74.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     74.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     74.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     74.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     74.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     74.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     74.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     74.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     74.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     74.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     74.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     74.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     74.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     74.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     74.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     74.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     74.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     74.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     74.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     74.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     74.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     74.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     74.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     74.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     74.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     74.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                  2345     22.28%     97.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                  154      1.46%     98.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead              106      1.01%     99.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite              35      0.33%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            12342      0.29%      0.29% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu              3490941     82.72%     83.01% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                 631      0.01%     83.03% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                 6097      0.14%     83.17% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd               9405      0.22%     83.39% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     83.39% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     83.39% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     83.39% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     83.39% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     83.39% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     83.39% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     83.39% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     83.39% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     83.39% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     83.39% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     83.39% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     83.39% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     83.39% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     83.39% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     83.39% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     83.39% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     83.39% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     83.39% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     83.39% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     83.39% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     83.39% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     83.39% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     83.39% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     83.39% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     83.39% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     83.39% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     83.39% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead              660310     15.65%     99.04% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite              38511      0.91%     99.95% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead           1896      0.04%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite           150      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total               4220283                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          0.138213                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                      10526                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.002494                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads          38922567                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes          9876370                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      4059113                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads              24011                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes             23132                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses        10183                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses               4206112                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses                  12355                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads            2871                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       752525                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          142                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            5                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        34196                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           26                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked         1355                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles                 55874                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles               26016499                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles               257006                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts            6026058                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts             3588                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts              1167830                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts               51836                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts              1086                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                 16656                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                61574                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             5                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         31038                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        29871                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts               60909                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts              4154732                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts               636097                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts            65551                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                      671960                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                  490074                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                     35863                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    0.136066                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                       4081139                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                      4069296                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                  3003848                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                  4681248                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      0.133268                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.641677                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts        3874025                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts            55871                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     29949341                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.071874                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     0.481372                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     28982959     96.77%     96.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       456494      1.52%     98.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       103453      0.35%     98.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       292087      0.98%     99.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        53733      0.18%     99.80% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        25503      0.09%     99.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         3767      0.01%     99.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         2903      0.01%     99.91% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        28442      0.09%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     29949341                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts             1077259                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps               2152567                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                        432940                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                       415300                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                    394096                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                      7178                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                  2145428                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls                3100                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass         2101      0.10%      0.10% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu         1706238     79.27%     79.36% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult            124      0.01%     79.37% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv            5056      0.23%     79.60% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd          6108      0.28%     79.89% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     79.89% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     79.89% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.89% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.89% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     79.89% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     79.89% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.89% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     79.89% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.89% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     79.89% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     79.89% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     79.89% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     79.89% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     79.89% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.89% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.89% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.89% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     79.89% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.89% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.89% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.89% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.89% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.89% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     79.89% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.89% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.89% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.89% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead         414230     19.24%     99.13% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite         17640      0.82%     99.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead         1070      0.05%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::total          2152567                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events                28442                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                    35947491                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                   12596958                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                            289                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                          42725                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.committedInsts                    1077259                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                      2152567                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                             28.344797                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                       28.344797                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              0.035280                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        0.035280                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads                 4002841                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes                3546280                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads                    18135                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_writes                    9019                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_reads                  2582349                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_writes                 1083627                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads                2216937                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements           220490                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs             252140                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           220490                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs             1.143544                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data         1024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          145                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          781                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           98                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          2810226                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses         2810226                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data       235262                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         235262                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data        16915                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         16915                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data       252177                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total          252177                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data       252177                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total         252177                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data       394532                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       394532                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data          725                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          725                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data       395257                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total        395257                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data       395257                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total       395257                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  34992860000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  34992860000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     24855000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     24855000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  35017715000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  35017715000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  35017715000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  35017715000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data       629794                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       629794                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data        17640                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        17640                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data       647434                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total       647434                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data       647434                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total       647434                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.626446                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.626446                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.041100                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.041100                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.610498                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.610498                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.610498                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.610498                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 88694.605254                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 88694.605254                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 34282.758621                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 34282.758621                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 88594.800345                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 88594.800345                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 88594.800345                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 88594.800345                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        14823                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs              772                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    19.200777                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1813                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total             1813                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       174762                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       174762                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data            5                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       174767                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       174767                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       174767                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       174767                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       219770                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       219770                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          720                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          720                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       220490                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       220490                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       220490                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       220490                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19481312500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  19481312500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     23736500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     23736500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19505049000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  19505049000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19505049000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  19505049000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.348955                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.348955                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.040816                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.040816                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.340560                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.340560                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.340560                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.340560                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 88644.093825                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 88644.093825                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 32967.361111                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 32967.361111                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 88462.284004                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 88462.284004                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 88462.284004                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 88462.284004                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse                1019                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst         1019                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.995117                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.995117                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1019                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         1019                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.995117                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses          4748400                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses         4748400                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst      1187100                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        1187100                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst      1187100                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total         1187100                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst      1187100                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total        1187100                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst      1187100                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1187100                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst      1187100                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total      1187100                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst      1187100                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total      1187100                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu1.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                    201399                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                        16384                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                      250666                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                    201399                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      1.244624                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks       12.985737                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     16371.014263                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.000793                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.999207                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total                   1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          141                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1         1196                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2        10862                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         4157                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           28                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                   3727023                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                  3727023                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         1813                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total             1813                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data               555                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                   555                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data         18541                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total             18541                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data                19096                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                    19096                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data               19096                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                   19096                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data             165                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                 165                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data       201229                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total          201229                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data             201394                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 201394                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data            201394                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                201394                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     16559000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      16559000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18934336500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total  18934336500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18950895500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      18950895500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18950895500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     18950895500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         1813                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         1813                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data           720                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total               720                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data       219770                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        219770                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data           220490                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               220490                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data          220490                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              220490                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.229167                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.229167                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.915635                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.915635                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.913393                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.913393                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.913393                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.913393                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 100357.575758                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 100357.575758                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94093.478077                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 94093.478077                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94098.610187                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 94098.610187                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94098.610187                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 94098.610187                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                  281                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                       281                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks            1                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total             1                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          165                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            165                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       201229                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total       201229                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        201394                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            201394                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       201394                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           201394                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     14909000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     14909000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16922046500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  16922046500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16936955500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  16936955500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16936955500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  16936955500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.229167                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.229167                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.915635                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.915635                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.913393                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.913393                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.913393                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.913393                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 90357.575758                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 90357.575758                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84093.478077                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84093.478077                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84098.610187                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84098.610187                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84098.610187                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84098.610187                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        402782                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       201395                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             201229                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          281                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict           201107                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq               165                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp              165                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        201229                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       604176                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total       604176                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 604176                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     12907200                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total     12907200                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                12907200                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            201394                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                  201394    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              201394                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer4.occupancy           474565500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer4.utilization               3.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         1087053000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              7.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       440980                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       220490                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests          501                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops             12                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops           12                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp            219770                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         2094                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict          419795                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq              720                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp             720                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       219770                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       661470                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                661470                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     14227392                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total               14227392                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                          201399                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                     17984                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples           421889                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.001216                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.034849                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                 421376     99.88%     99.88% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                    513      0.12%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total             421889                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy          222303000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              1.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy         330735000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             2.2                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
