
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.015267                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 15267344125                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               2809191319000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                               56707960                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                104936490                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              157939731                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1248976                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                    96.67                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  5481709840                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   10143751330                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.inst            128                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data       11190016                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total           11190144                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst          128                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total           128                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks        94400                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total           94400                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.inst               2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data          174844                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total              174846                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks          1475                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total               1475                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.inst              8384                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data         732937956                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             732946340                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst         8384                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total             8384                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks         6183132                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total              6183132                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks         6183132                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.inst             8384                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data        732937956                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            739129472                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                      174846                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                       1475                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                    174846                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                     1475                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM               11178048                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                   12096                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                   93824                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                11190144                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys                94400                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                    189                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     1                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0             11017                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1             11019                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2             11139                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3             10539                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4             10324                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5             10394                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6             10212                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7             10067                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8             10143                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9              9662                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10             9991                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11            10880                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12            12953                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13            12619                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14            12075                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15            11623                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0               100                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1               128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2               128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3               128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4               180                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5               128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6               126                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7               117                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8                18                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12              303                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14               45                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15               65                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   15267387000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                174846                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                 1475                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                  134338                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                   37540                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                    2687                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                      91                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                      5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                      5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                     91                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                     92                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                     92                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                     92                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                     92                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                     92                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                     92                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                     92                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                     92                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                     91                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                     91                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                     91                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                     91                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                     91                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                     91                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                     91                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples        96180                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    117.200250                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   101.112410                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev    72.721757                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127        49120     51.07%     51.07% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255        39011     40.56%     91.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383         7058      7.34%     98.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511          842      0.88%     99.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639           72      0.07%     99.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767           25      0.03%     99.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895           22      0.02%     99.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           14      0.01%     99.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           16      0.02%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total        96180                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples           91                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean    1908.824176                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean   1840.223025                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    504.552290                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::640-767            2      2.20%      2.20% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1151            2      2.20%      4.40% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1279            3      3.30%      7.69% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1280-1407            6      6.59%     14.29% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1408-1535            8      8.79%     23.08% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1536-1663            7      7.69%     30.77% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1664-1791           14     15.38%     46.15% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1792-1919           10     10.99%     57.14% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1920-2047            8      8.79%     65.93% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2048-2175            4      4.40%     70.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2176-2303            5      5.49%     75.82% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2304-2431            6      6.59%     82.42% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2432-2559            5      5.49%     87.91% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2560-2687            5      5.49%     93.41% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2688-2815            3      3.30%     96.70% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2944-3071            1      1.10%     97.80% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::3072-3199            1      1.10%     98.90% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::3328-3455            1      1.10%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total            91                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples           91                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      16.109890                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.103881                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.458271                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16               86     94.51%     94.51% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18                5      5.49%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total            91                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                   4418141750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat              7692960500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                  873285000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     25296.10                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                44046.10                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       732.15                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                         6.15                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    732.95                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                      6.18                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         5.77                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     5.72                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.05                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.29                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      25.20                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                    78704                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                    1239                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 45.06                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                84.06                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                      86588.59                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    45.39                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                334423320                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                177750210                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy               604836540                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy                5402700                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         1205309040.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy           1502816970                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             25037280                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy      5287220250                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy       119697120                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy                0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy             9262493430                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            606.686622                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime          11905934125                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE     10570000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     509860000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    311895750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    2840028250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  11594990125                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                352301880                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                187252890                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy               642207300                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy                2249820                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         1205309040.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy           1580745090                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             24756480                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy      5219348070                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy       111509760                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy                0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy             9325680330                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            610.825318                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime          11736590750                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE      9636000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     509860000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    290540000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    3011257375                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  11446050750                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups                2295709                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted          2295709                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect           118912                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups             1767137                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                 106573                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect             15750                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectLookups        1767137                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectHits            927538                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectMisses          839599                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu0.branchPredindirectMispredicted        48291                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                    1178044                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                     171363                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                       207018                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                         2646                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                    1818811                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                         7108                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                    1                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                        30534689                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles           1877715                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                       7303013                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                    2295709                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches           1034111                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                     28419502                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                 242490                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.TlbCycles                      2812                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.cpu0.fetch.MiscStallCycles                1600                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles        59435                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                  1811703                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes                20198                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.ItlbSquashes                      7                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples          30482309                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             0.482764                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            1.743702                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                27776940     91.12%     91.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                   45034      0.15%     91.27% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                  795924      2.61%     93.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                   73210      0.24%     94.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                  190310      0.62%     94.75% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                  125792      0.41%     95.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                  138979      0.46%     95.62% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                   53779      0.18%     95.79% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                 1282341      4.21%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total            30482309                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.075184                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       0.239171                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                 1033167                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles             27440500                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                  1477431                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles               409966                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles                121245                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts              12445429                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles                121245                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                 1182232                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles               25958407                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles         32281                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                  1646941                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles              1541203                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts              11888172                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents                92819                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents               1198034                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LQFullEvents                253692                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu0.rename.SQFullEvents                  4250                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands           14135212                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups             32358188                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups        16296338                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.fp_rename_lookups           129865                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps              5425746                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                 8709467                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts               520                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts           664                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                  2432831                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads             1936153                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores             234017                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads            12654                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores            9868                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                  11094957                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded              11035                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                  8302748                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued            15461                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined        6606579                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     12721436                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         11034                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     30482309                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        0.272379                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       0.995191                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           27443734     90.03%     90.03% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1            1043121      3.42%     93.45% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2             619267      2.03%     95.49% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3             438514      1.44%     96.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4             448198      1.47%     98.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5             201322      0.66%     99.05% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6             162308      0.53%     99.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7              74459      0.24%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8              51386      0.17%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       30482309                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                  34572     74.94%     74.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     74.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     74.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                 3902      8.46%     83.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     83.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     83.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     83.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     83.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     83.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     83.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     83.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     83.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     83.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     83.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     83.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     83.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     83.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     83.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     83.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     83.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     83.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     83.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     83.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     83.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     83.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     83.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     83.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     83.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     83.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     83.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     83.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                  6327     13.72%     97.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                  733      1.59%     98.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead              577      1.25%     99.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite              20      0.04%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            41612      0.50%      0.50% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu              6744865     81.24%     81.74% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                3053      0.04%     81.77% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                38043      0.46%     82.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd              48793      0.59%     82.82% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     82.82% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     82.82% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     82.82% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     82.82% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     82.82% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     82.82% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     82.82% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     82.82% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     82.82% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     82.82% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     82.82% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     82.82% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     82.82% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     82.82% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     82.82% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     82.82% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     82.82% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     82.82% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     82.82% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     82.82% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     82.82% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     82.82% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     82.82% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     82.82% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     82.82% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     82.82% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     82.82% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead             1233701     14.86%     97.68% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite             181690      2.19%     99.87% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead          10928      0.13%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite            63      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total               8302748                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          0.271912                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                      46131                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.005556                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads          47024651                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes         17606567                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      7881588                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads             124746                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            106016                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses        54348                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses               8242981                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses                  64286                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads           17925                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1202311                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          443                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           19                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       119855                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          212                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked         1202                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles                121245                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles               23257074                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles               305811                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts           11105992                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts             6513                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts              1936153                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts              234017                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts              4009                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                 23189                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                77279                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents            19                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         59613                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        80234                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts              139847                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts              8108679                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts              1177078                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts           194069                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                     1348394                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                  930011                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                    171316                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    0.265556                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                       7978750                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                      7935936                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                  5866915                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                  9632651                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      0.259899                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.609065                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts        6607535                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.commitNonSpecStalls              1                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts           121237                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     29522141                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.152408                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     0.779230                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     27806871     94.19%     94.19% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       712592      2.41%     96.60% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       212030      0.72%     97.32% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       463350      1.57%     98.89% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        98201      0.33%     99.22% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        67329      0.23%     99.45% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        18156      0.06%     99.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        14569      0.05%     99.56% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       129043      0.44%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     29522141                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts             2257711                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps               4499414                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                        848004                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                       733842                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                    706301                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                     45910                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                  4453082                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls               20154                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass        13833      0.31%      0.31% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu         3563997     79.21%     79.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult            806      0.02%     79.54% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv           33570      0.75%     80.28% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd         39204      0.87%     81.15% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     81.15% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     81.15% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     81.15% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     81.15% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     81.15% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     81.15% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     81.15% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     81.15% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     81.15% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     81.15% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     81.15% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     81.15% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     81.15% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     81.15% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     81.15% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     81.15% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     81.15% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     81.15% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     81.15% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     81.15% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     81.15% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     81.15% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     81.15% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     81.15% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     81.15% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     81.15% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     81.15% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead         727136     16.16%     97.31% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite        114162      2.54%     99.85% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead         6706      0.15%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::total          4499414                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events               129043                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                    40500047                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                   23178587                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                            452                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                          52380                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.committedInsts                    2257711                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                      4499414                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                             13.524623                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                       13.524623                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              0.073939                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        0.073939                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads                 9090269                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes                6867916                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads                    95211                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_writes                   47589                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_reads                  4908067                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_writes                 2300058                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads                3962197                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements           311522                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs             709457                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           311522                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs             2.277390                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data         1024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          130                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          830                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           59                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            5                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          5362678                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses         5362678                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data       598095                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         598095                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data       112768                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        112768                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data       710863                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total          710863                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data       710863                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total         710863                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data       550532                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       550532                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data         1394                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         1394                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data       551926                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total        551926                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data       551926                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total       551926                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  33907185500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  33907185500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    118141000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    118141000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  34025326500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  34025326500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  34025326500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  34025326500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data      1148627                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1148627                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data       114162                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       114162                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data      1262789                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1262789                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data      1262789                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1262789                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.479296                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.479296                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.012211                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.012211                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.437069                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.437069                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.437069                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.437069                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 61589.853996                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 61589.853996                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84749.641320                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 84749.641320                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 61648.348692                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 61648.348692                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 61648.348692                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 61648.348692                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        39159                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs             1281                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    30.569087                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         3538                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total             3538                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       240390                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       240390                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data           14                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       240404                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       240404                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       240404                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       240404                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       310142                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       310142                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         1380                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         1380                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       311522                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       311522                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       311522                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       311522                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18542483000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  18542483000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    115421500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    115421500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18657904500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  18657904500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18657904500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  18657904500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.270011                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.270011                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.012088                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.012088                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.246694                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.246694                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.246694                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.246694                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 59787.074953                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59787.074953                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 83638.768116                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 83638.768116                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 59892.734703                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59892.734703                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 59892.734703                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59892.734703                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements                2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse                1021                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs                  3                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs                2                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs             1.500000                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst         1021                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.997070                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.997070                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1021                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         1020                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.997070                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses          7246814                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses         7246814                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst      1811701                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        1811701                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst      1811701                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total         1811701                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst      1811701                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total        1811701                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total            2                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu0.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total             2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu0.inst            2                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total            2                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       209500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total       209500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       209500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total       209500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       209500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total       209500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst      1811703                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1811703                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst      1811703                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total      1811703                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst      1811703                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total      1811703                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000001                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000001                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000001                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       104750                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total       104750                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       104750                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total       104750                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       104750                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total       104750                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::writebacks            2                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total                2                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            2                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total            2                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       207500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       207500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       207500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total       207500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       207500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total       207500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       103750                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       103750                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       103750                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       103750                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       103750                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       103750                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu1.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                    174901                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                        16384                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                      448133                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                    174901                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      2.562209                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks       11.428117                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst         0.162856                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     16372.409027                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.000698                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst        0.000010                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.999293                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total                   1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          122                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1         1069                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         9268                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         5911                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           14                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                   5158445                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                  5158445                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         3538                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total             3538                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks            2                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total                2                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data               271                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                   271                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data        136406                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total            136406                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data               136677                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                   136677                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data              136677                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                  136677                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data            1110                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                1110                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu0.inst            2                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total                2                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data       173735                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total          173735                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.inst                  2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data             174845                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 174847                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.inst                 2                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data            174845                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                174847                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    110502500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     110502500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       204500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total       204500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16596482500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total  16596482500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       204500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16706985000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      16707189500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       204500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16706985000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     16707189500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         3538                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         3538                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks            2                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total            2                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data          1381                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total              1381                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu0.inst            2                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total              2                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data       310141                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        310141                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst                2                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data           311522                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               311524                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst               2                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data          311522                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              311524                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.803765                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.803765                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.560181                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.560181                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.561261                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.561263                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.561261                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.561263                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 99551.801802                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 99551.801802                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       102250                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total       102250                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 95527.570726                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 95527.570726                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       102250                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 95553.118476                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 95553.195079                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       102250                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 95553.118476                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 95553.195079                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                 1475                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                      1475                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks           41                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total            41                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         1110                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           1110                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            2                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total            2                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       173735                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total       173735                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst             2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        174845                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            174847                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            2                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       174845                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           174847                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     99402500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     99402500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       184500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       184500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  14859142500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  14859142500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       184500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  14958545000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  14958729500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       184500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  14958545000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  14958729500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.803765                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.803765                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.560181                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.560181                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.561261                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.561263                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.561261                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.561263                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 89551.801802                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 89551.801802                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        92250                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        92250                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 85527.628284                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 85527.628284                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        92250                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 85553.175670                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 85553.252272                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        92250                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 85553.175670                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 85553.252272                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        349692                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       174849                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             173736                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         1475                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict           173371                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq              1110                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp             1110                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        173736                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       524538                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total       524538                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 524538                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     11284544                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total     11284544                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                11284544                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            174846                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                  174846    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              174846                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer4.occupancy           413569500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer4.utilization               2.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy          949693250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              6.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       623048                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       311523                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests          200                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops             97                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops           86                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops           11                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp            310143                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         5013                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean            2                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict          481410                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             1381                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp            1381                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq             2                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       310141                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side            6                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       934566                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                934572                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side          256                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     20163840                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total               20164096                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                          174901                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                     94400                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples           486425                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.000631                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.025999                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                 486129     99.94%     99.94% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                    285      0.06%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                     11      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total             486425                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy          315064000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              2.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy              3000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy         467283000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             3.1                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
