
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.015267                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 15267344125                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               10870349017000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                               60185255                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                112634368                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              145387984                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1248976                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   105.01                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  6320114579                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   11827850906                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.inst          19264                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data       10041088                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total           10060352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst        19264                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total         19264                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks      9962112                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total         9962112                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.inst             301                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data          156892                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total              157193                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks        155658                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total             155658                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.inst           1261778                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data         657684003                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             658945781                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst      1261778                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total          1261778                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks       652511132                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total            652511132                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks       652511132                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.inst          1261778                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data        657684003                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total           1311456913                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                      157193                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                     155658                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                    157193                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                   155658                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM               10060352                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                       0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                 9962688                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                10060352                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys              9962112                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                      0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0             10111                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1             10281                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2             10256                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3             10197                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4              9831                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5              9367                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6              9587                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7              9606                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8              9540                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9              9578                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10             9888                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11             9689                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12             9544                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13             9657                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14            10042                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15            10019                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0             10020                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1             10235                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2             10059                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3             10129                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4              9695                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5              9331                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6              9460                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7              9355                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8              9382                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9              9561                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10             9836                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11             9663                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12             9418                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13             9605                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14             9966                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15             9952                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   15267319000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                157193                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6               155658                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                  156262                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                     599                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                     221                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                      88                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                      17                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       5                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                     21                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                     24                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                   9651                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                   9681                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                   9708                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                   9728                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                   9732                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                   9733                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                   9728                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                   9731                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                   9737                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                   9738                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                   9742                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                   9739                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                   9742                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                   9746                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                   9737                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                   9727                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples        27211                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    735.864761                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   577.233162                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   357.901313                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127         1913      7.03%      7.03% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255         2344      8.61%     15.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383         1987      7.30%     22.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1545      5.68%     28.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639         1301      4.78%     33.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767         1339      4.92%     38.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1482      5.45%     43.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         1448      5.32%     49.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151        13852     50.91%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total        27211                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples         9723                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean      16.168055                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     16.116185                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev      1.616408                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4-7               6      0.06%      0.06% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::8-11             36      0.37%      0.43% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::12-15            81      0.83%      1.27% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::16-19          9415     96.83%     98.10% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::20-23           141      1.45%     99.55% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::24-27            25      0.26%     99.80% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::28-31             6      0.06%     99.87% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::32-35             3      0.03%     99.90% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::36-39             1      0.01%     99.91% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::40-43             2      0.02%     99.93% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::44-47             1      0.01%     99.94% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::48-51             3      0.03%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::56-59             1      0.01%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::72-75             2      0.02%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total          9723                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples         9723                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      16.010182                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.008866                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.240001                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16             9694     99.70%     99.70% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::17                2      0.02%     99.72% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18                8      0.08%     99.80% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::19               10      0.10%     99.91% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::20                7      0.07%     99.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::22                1      0.01%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::33                1      0.01%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total          9723                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                   2892551250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat              5839920000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                  785965000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     18401.27                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                37151.27                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       658.95                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                       652.55                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    658.95                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                    652.51                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                        10.25                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     5.15                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    5.10                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.01                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      26.14                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                   143606                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                  142043                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 91.36                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                91.25                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                      48800.61                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    91.31                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                 98146440                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                 52166070                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy               565745040                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy              408642480                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         753548640.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy           1521031890                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             62516160                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy      2090923590                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy       318388320                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy       1573112880                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy             7444302750                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            487.596447                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime          11768804375                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE     42074250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     319336000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF   6354261000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    829169500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    3137115250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   4585388125                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                 96140100                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                 51099675                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy               556612980                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy              403939260                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         742485120.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy           1501002090                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             67049760                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy      2068056330                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy       313748640                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy       1592973480                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy             7393107435                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            484.243191                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime          11757617250                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE     55076750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     314713375                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF   6448713000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    817014750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    3096571250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   4535255000                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups                1242834                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted          1242834                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect             5670                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups             1236246                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                   3408                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect               724                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectLookups        1236246                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectHits           1204395                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectMisses           31851                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu0.branchPredindirectMispredicted         3942                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                     345960                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                    1231322                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                          748                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                         2635                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                      46104                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                          264                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                   50                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                        30534689                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles             64848                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                       5452188                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                    1242834                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches           1207803                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                     30435628                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                  11926                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.MiscStallCycles                 161                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles         1064                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           16                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                    45926                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes                 1679                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples          30507680                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             0.360720                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            1.610276                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                28904511     94.75%     94.75% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                   39385      0.13%     94.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                   42113      0.14%     95.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                  224020      0.73%     95.75% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                   26586      0.09%     95.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                    7976      0.03%     95.86% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                    8696      0.03%     95.89% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                   24486      0.08%     95.97% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                 1229907      4.03%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total            30507680                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.040702                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       0.178557                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                  385161                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles             28736118                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                   626152                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles               754286                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles                  5963                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts              10948892                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles                  5963                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                  655531                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles                 224622                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles         13385                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                  1108983                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles             28499196                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts              10920811                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents                 1368                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents                 17923                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LQFullEvents                  4890                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu0.rename.SQFullEvents              28211069                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands           13932659                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups             23073207                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups        12541481                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.fp_rename_lookups           304039                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps             13703691                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                  228968                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts               122                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts           126                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                  4716665                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads              354834                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores            1238092                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads            20602                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores           15293                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                  10869202                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded                739                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                 10815678                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued             1690                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined         148592                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       217504                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           629                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     30507680                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        0.354523                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       1.223175                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           27560324     90.34%     90.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1             476361      1.56%     91.90% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2             517397      1.70%     93.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3             348670      1.14%     94.74% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4             303027      0.99%     95.73% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5             987006      3.24%     98.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6             117293      0.38%     99.35% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7             173199      0.57%     99.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8              24403      0.08%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       30507680                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                  72103     94.33%     94.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     94.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     94.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                  476      0.62%     94.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     94.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     94.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     94.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     94.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     94.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     94.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     94.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     94.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     94.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     94.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     94.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     94.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     94.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     94.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     94.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     94.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     94.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     94.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     94.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     94.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     94.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     94.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     94.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     94.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     94.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     94.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     94.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                   707      0.92%     95.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                  171      0.22%     96.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead             2794      3.66%     99.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite             187      0.24%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass             4017      0.04%      0.04% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu              9146512     84.57%     84.60% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                  81      0.00%     84.61% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                  277      0.00%     84.61% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd              83849      0.78%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead              302157      2.79%     88.18% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite            1194432     11.04%     99.22% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead          46244      0.43%     99.65% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite         38109      0.35%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total              10815678                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          0.354210                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                      76438                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.007067                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads          51841982                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes         10815260                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     10611656                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads             375182                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            203462                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       183992                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses              10698820                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses                 189279                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads            2020                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        20859                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           45                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          201                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        11151                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           23                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked          589                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles                  5963                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles                  52173                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles               139321                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts           10869941                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts              824                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts               354834                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts             1238092                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts               323                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                   383                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents               138776                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           201                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect          1634                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         5560                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts                7194                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts             10802568                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts               345805                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts            13110                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                     1577111                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                 1219836                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                   1231306                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    0.353780                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                      10798516                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                     10795648                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                  7881214                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                 11002128                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      0.353554                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.716335                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts         148800                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.commitNonSpecStalls            110                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts             5821                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     30483763                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.351707                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.249992                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     27626461     90.63%     90.63% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       343682      1.13%     91.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       324133      1.06%     92.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      1075906      3.53%     96.35% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        71999      0.24%     96.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       650725      2.13%     98.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        72331      0.24%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        22132      0.07%     99.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       296394      0.97%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     30483763                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts             5295602                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps              10721349                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                       1560916                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                       333975                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                         40                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                   1214055                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                    180780                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                 10623914                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls                1044                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass         2232      0.02%      0.02% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu         9075916     84.65%     84.67% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult             66      0.00%     84.67% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv             220      0.00%     84.68% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd         81999      0.76%     85.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     85.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     85.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     85.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     85.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     85.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     85.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     85.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     85.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     85.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     85.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     85.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     85.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead         289790      2.70%     88.14% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite       1189263     11.09%     99.24% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead        44185      0.41%     99.65% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite        37678      0.35%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::total         10721349                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events               296394                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                    41057518                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                   21764659                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                            250                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                          27009                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.committedInsts                    5295602                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                     10721349                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                              5.766047                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                        5.766047                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              0.173429                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        0.173429                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads                12348957                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes                8198045                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads                   285807                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_writes                  145161                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_reads                  6086339                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_writes                 5445129                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads                4023174                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements           156945                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs            1410472                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           156945                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs             8.987046                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data         1024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          103                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          921                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          6435869                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses         6435869                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data       339156                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         339156                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data      1071310                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       1071310                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data      1410466                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total         1410466                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data      1410466                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total        1410466                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data         3624                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         3624                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data       155641                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       155641                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data       159265                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total        159265                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data       159265                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total       159265                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    340285500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    340285500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  14040750497                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  14040750497                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  14381035997                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  14381035997                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  14381035997                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  14381035997                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data       342780                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       342780                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data      1226951                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1226951                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data      1569731                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1569731                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data      1569731                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1569731                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.010572                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010572                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.126852                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.126852                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.101460                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.101460                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.101460                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.101460                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 93897.764901                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 93897.764901                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 90212.415090                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 90212.415090                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 90296.273488                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 90296.273488                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 90296.273488                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 90296.273488                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        12818                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets          202                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs              151                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              2                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    84.887417                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          101                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       155988                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total           155988                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data         2306                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         2306                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data         2315                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         2315                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data         2315                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         2315                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         1318                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1318                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       155632                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       155632                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       156950                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       156950                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       156950                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       156950                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    139176500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    139176500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13884450497                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  13884450497                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  14023626997                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  14023626997                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  14023626997                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  14023626997                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.003845                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003845                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.126845                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.126845                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.099985                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.099985                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.099985                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.099985                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 105596.737481                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105596.737481                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 89213.339782                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 89213.339782                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 89350.920656                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 89350.920656                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 89350.920656                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 89350.920656                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements              560                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse         1019.999461                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs             163932                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs              560                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs           292.735714                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst  1019.999461                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.996093                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.996093                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1020                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          200                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          820                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.996094                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses           184269                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses          184269                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst        45229                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          45229                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst        45229                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total           45229                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst        45229                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total          45229                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst          697                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          697                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu0.inst          697                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total           697                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu0.inst          697                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total          697                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     44454999                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     44454999                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     44454999                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     44454999                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     44454999                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     44454999                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst        45926                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        45926                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst        45926                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total        45926                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst        45926                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total        45926                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.015177                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015177                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.015177                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.015177                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.015177                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.015177                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 63780.486370                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 63780.486370                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 63780.486370                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 63780.486370                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 63780.486370                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 63780.486370                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           26                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                2                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           13                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::writebacks          560                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total              560                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst          132                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          132                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst          132                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          132                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst          132                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          132                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          565                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          565                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          565                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          565                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          565                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          565                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     36503000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     36503000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     36503000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     36503000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     36503000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     36503000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.012302                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.012302                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.012302                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.012302                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.012302                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.012302                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 64607.079646                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64607.079646                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 64607.079646                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64607.079646                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 64607.079646                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64607.079646                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu1.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                    157687                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                        16384                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                      157197                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                    157687                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      0.996893                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks       49.418052                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst        29.944175                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     16304.637773                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.003016                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst        0.001828                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.995156                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total                   1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          103                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          955                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         9546                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         5780                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                   2677599                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                  2677599                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks       155988                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total           155988                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks          560                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total              560                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu0.data                5                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total                    5                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data                18                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                    18                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu0.inst            260                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total                260                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data            36                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total                36                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.inst                  260                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data                   54                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                      314                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.inst                 260                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data                  54                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                     314                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data          155609                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total              155609                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu0.inst          301                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total              301                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data         1282                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total            1282                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.inst                301                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data             156891                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 157192                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.inst               301                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data            156891                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                157192                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13650731500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   13650731500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     32906000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total     32906000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    136747000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total    136747000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     32906000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13787478500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      13820384500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     32906000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13787478500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     13820384500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks       155988                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       155988                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks          560                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total          560                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu0.data            5                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total                5                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data        155627                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total            155627                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu0.inst          561                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total            561                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data         1318                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total          1318                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst              561                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data           156945                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               157506                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst             561                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data          156945                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              157506                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.999884                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.999884                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.536542                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.536542                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.972686                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.972686                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst        0.536542                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.999656                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.998006                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst       0.536542                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.999656                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.998006                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 87724.562847                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 87724.562847                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 109322.259136                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 109322.259136                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 106666.926677                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 106666.926677                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 109322.259136                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 87879.346170                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 87920.406255                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 109322.259136                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 87879.346170                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 87920.406255                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks               155658                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                    155658                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       155609                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total         155609                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          301                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total          301                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         1282                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total         1282                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst           301                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        156891                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            157192                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          301                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       156891                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           157192                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  12094641500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  12094641500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     29896000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     29896000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    123927000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    123927000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     29896000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  12218568500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  12248464500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     29896000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  12218568500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  12248464500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.999884                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999884                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.536542                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.536542                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.972686                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.972686                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.536542                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.999656                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.998006                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.536542                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.999656                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.998006                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 77724.562847                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77724.562847                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 99322.259136                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99322.259136                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 96666.926677                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 96666.926677                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 99322.259136                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 77879.346170                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77920.406255                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 99322.259136                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 77879.346170                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77920.406255                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        314265                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       157088                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               1583                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       155658                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict             1414                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            155610                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           155609                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq          1583                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       471457                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total       471457                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 471457                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     20022400                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total     20022400                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                20022400                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            157193                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                  157193    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              157193                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer4.occupancy           937413000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer4.utilization               6.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy          826772000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              5.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       315020                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       157506                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests           98                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops            703                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops          703                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp              1883                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       311646                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean          560                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict            2986                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq               5                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp              5                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq           155627                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp          155627                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq           565                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         1318                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         1686                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       470845                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                472531                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        71744                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     20027712                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total               20099456                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                          157691                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                   9962368                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples           315202                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.002541                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.050347                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                 314401     99.75%     99.75% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                    801      0.25%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total             315202                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy          314058000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              2.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy            847500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy         235420000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             1.5                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
