
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.015267                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 15267344125                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               3923707440125                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                               65077753                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                120623630                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              177421321                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1248976                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                    86.05                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  5600026553                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   10379824527                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.inst             64                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data       12301952                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total           12302016                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst           64                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total            64                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks        39744                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total           39744                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.inst               1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data          192218                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total              192219                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks           621                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total                621                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.inst              4192                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data         805768960                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             805773152                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst         4192                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total             4192                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks         2603203                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total              2603203                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks         2603203                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.inst             4192                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data        805768960                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            808376355                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                      192220                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                        621                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                    192220                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                      621                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM               12296064                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                    6016                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                   39936                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                12302080                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys                39744                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                     94                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     1                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0             11922                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1             11720                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2             11848                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3             11826                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4             11791                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5             11876                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6             11993                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7             11966                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8             12036                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9             11827                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10            11931                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11            11860                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12            12818                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13            12459                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14            12291                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15            11962                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3                14                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4                 4                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8                 1                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10                7                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11              116                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12              330                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13              115                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14               37                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   15267386000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                192220                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                  621                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                  145970                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                   43295                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                    2823                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                      37                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                     38                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                     39                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                     38                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                     38                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                     38                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                     38                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                     39                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                     39                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                     39                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                     39                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                     39                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                     39                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                     39                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                     39                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                     39                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                     40                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples        97379                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    126.675033                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   108.877531                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev    76.491561                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127        43193     44.36%     44.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255        43709     44.89%     89.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383         9097      9.34%     98.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1220      1.25%     99.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639          115      0.12%     99.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767           16      0.02%     99.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895           11      0.01%     99.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023            7      0.01%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           11      0.01%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total        97379                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples           39                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean    4979.153846                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean   4862.483570                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev   1068.252669                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2560-2815            1      2.56%      2.56% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::3072-3327            2      5.13%      7.69% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::3584-3839            4     10.26%     17.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::3840-4095            1      2.56%     20.51% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4096-4351            2      5.13%     25.64% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4352-4607            6     15.38%     41.03% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4608-4863            4     10.26%     51.28% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4864-5119            1      2.56%     53.85% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::5120-5375            4     10.26%     64.10% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::5376-5631            4     10.26%     74.36% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::5632-5887            1      2.56%     76.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::5888-6143            3      7.69%     84.62% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::6400-6655            4     10.26%     94.87% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::6656-6911            1      2.56%     97.44% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::6912-7167            1      2.56%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total            39                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples           39                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean             16                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.000000                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16               39    100.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total            39                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                   4746017250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat              8348379750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                  960630000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     24702.63                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                43452.63                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       805.38                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                         2.62                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    805.78                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                      2.60                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         6.31                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     6.29                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.31                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      25.27                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                    94826                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                     545                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 49.36                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                87.90                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                      79170.85                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    49.48                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                342605760                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                182114460                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy               677885880                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy                  93960                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         1205309040.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy           1601369400                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             24536640                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy      5193924360                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy       115771200                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy                0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy             9343610700                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            611.999744                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime          11692150500                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE      9630000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     509860000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    301677250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    3055703625                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  11390473250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                352680300                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                187438845                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy               693893760                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy                3163320                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         1204694400.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy           1636692300                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             24413760                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy      5196749850                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy        83769120                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy                0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy             9383495655                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            614.612180                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime          11614961500                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE      9204000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     509600000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    218155250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    3133313750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  11397071125                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups                1546369                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted          1546369                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect            70703                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups             1194309                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                  56221                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect              8965                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectLookups        1194309                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectHits            646162                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectMisses          548147                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu0.branchPredindirectMispredicted        24538                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                     765059                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                      76505                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                       151322                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                         1153                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                    1264776                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                         5713                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                    1                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                        30534688                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles           1297582                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                       4684702                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                    1546369                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches            702383                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                     29061047                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                 145278                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.TlbCycles                      3000                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.cpu0.fetch.MiscStallCycles                1393                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles        47578                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingQuiesceStallCycles            3                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending quiesce instructions
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                  1259063                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes                 8892                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.ItlbSquashes                      8                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples          30483242                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             0.309538                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            1.404985                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                28690583     94.12%     94.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                   25276      0.08%     94.20% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                  599764      1.97%     96.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                   35374      0.12%     96.29% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                  129593      0.43%     96.71% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                   74960      0.25%     96.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                   90065      0.30%     97.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                   29771      0.10%     97.35% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                  807856      2.65%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total            30483242                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.050643                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       0.153422                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                  658698                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles             28567314                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                   875721                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles               308870                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles                 72639                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts               7795075                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles                 72639                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                  756885                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles               27243133                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles         13627                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                  1010632                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles              1386326                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts               7460078                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents                85050                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents               1013223                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LQFullEvents                319984                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu0.rename.SQFullEvents                  1993                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands            8869685                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups             20530200                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups         9961981                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.fp_rename_lookups            51041                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps              3246561                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                 5623125                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts               245                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts           314                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                  1952792                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads             1295152                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores             109178                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads             6540                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores            5838                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                   7044838                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded               5532                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                  5156425                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued             6602                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined        4346487                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      8644114                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          5531                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     30483242                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        0.169156                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       0.760418                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           28407575     93.19%     93.19% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1             812950      2.67%     95.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2             434578      1.43%     97.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3             298659      0.98%     98.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4             288840      0.95%     99.21% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5             100077      0.33%     99.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6              84373      0.28%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7              33161      0.11%     99.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8              23029      0.08%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       30483242                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                  14591     71.50%     71.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     71.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     71.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                 1556      7.62%     79.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     79.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     79.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     79.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     79.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     79.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     79.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     79.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     79.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     79.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     79.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     79.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     79.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     79.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     79.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     79.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     79.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     79.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     79.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     79.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     79.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     79.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     79.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     79.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     79.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     79.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     79.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                  3764     18.44%     97.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                  320      1.57%     99.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead              152      0.74%     99.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite              25      0.12%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            21753      0.42%      0.42% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu              4217044     81.78%     82.20% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                1724      0.03%     82.24% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                14122      0.27%     82.51% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd              19738      0.38%     82.89% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     82.89% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     82.89% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     82.89% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     82.89% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     82.89% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     82.89% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     82.89% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     82.89% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     82.89% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     82.89% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     82.89% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     82.89% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     82.89% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     82.89% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     82.89% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     82.89% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     82.89% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     82.89% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     82.89% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     82.89% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     82.89% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     82.89% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     82.89% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     82.89% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     82.89% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     82.89% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     82.89% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead              796485     15.45%     98.34% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite              81891      1.59%     99.93% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead           3573      0.07%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite            95      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total               5156425                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          0.168871                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                      20408                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.003958                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads          40774301                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes         11355553                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      4931559                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads              48801                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes             41308                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses        21693                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses               5129932                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses                  25148                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads            7083                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       808237                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          218                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            5                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        67457                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           68                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked          882                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles                 72639                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles               25001552                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles               276272                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts            7050370                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts             4559                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts              1295152                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts              109178                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts              2005                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                 17088                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                76081                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             5                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         38341                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        43683                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts               82024                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts              5057146                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts               764680                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts            99279                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                      841176                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                  601796                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                     76496                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    0.165620                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                       4974161                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                      4953252                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                  3607628                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                  5812274                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      0.162217                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.620691                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts        4347314                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.commitNonSpecStalls              1                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts            72637                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     29857291                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.090560                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     0.567185                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     28717914     96.18%     96.18% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       511440      1.71%     97.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       132302      0.44%     98.34% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       335952      1.13%     99.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        59816      0.20%     99.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        32613      0.11%     99.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         7371      0.02%     99.80% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         5636      0.02%     99.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        54247      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     29857291                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts             1354106                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps               2703883                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                        528636                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                       486915                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                    466667                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                     16826                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                  2686934                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls                7379                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass         5046      0.19%      0.19% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu         2143323     79.27%     79.45% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult            295      0.01%     79.47% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv           12219      0.45%     79.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd         14364      0.53%     80.45% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     80.45% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     80.45% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     80.45% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.45% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     80.45% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     80.45% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     80.45% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     80.45% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     80.45% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     80.45% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     80.45% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     80.45% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     80.45% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     80.45% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.45% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     80.45% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     80.45% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     80.45% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     80.45% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     80.45% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     80.45% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     80.45% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     80.45% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     80.45% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     80.45% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.45% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     80.45% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead         484453     17.92%     98.37% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite         41721      1.54%     99.91% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead         2462      0.09%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::total          2703883                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events                54247                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                    36854241                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                   14730339                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                            392                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                          51446                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.committedInsts                    1354106                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                      2703883                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                             22.549703                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                       22.549703                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              0.044346                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        0.044346                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads                 5319919                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes                4284507                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads                    38343                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_writes                   19136                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_reads                  3141273                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_writes                 1395154                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads                2592360                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements           241033                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs             362252                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           241033                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs             1.502915                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data         1024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          137                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          860                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           27                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          3417521                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses         3417521                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data       325419                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         325419                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data        40722                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         40722                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data       366141                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total          366141                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data       366141                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total         366141                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data       426982                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       426982                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data          999                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          999                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data       427981                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total        427981                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data       427981                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total       427981                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  34328653500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  34328653500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     51249500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     51249500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  34379903000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  34379903000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  34379903000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  34379903000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data       752401                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       752401                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data        41721                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        41721                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data       794122                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total       794122                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data       794122                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total       794122                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.567493                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.567493                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.023945                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.023945                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.538936                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.538936                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.538936                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.538936                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 80398.362226                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 80398.362226                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 51300.800801                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 51300.800801                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 80330.442239                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 80330.442239                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 80330.442239                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 80330.442239                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        20459                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs              754                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    27.133952                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         2246                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total             2246                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       186940                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       186940                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       186949                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       186949                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       186949                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       186949                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       240042                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       240042                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          990                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          990                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       241032                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       241032                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       241032                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       241032                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19119270000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  19119270000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     49554500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     49554500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19168824500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  19168824500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19168824500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  19168824500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.319035                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.319035                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.023729                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.023729                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.303520                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.303520                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.303520                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.303520                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 79649.686305                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79649.686305                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 50055.050505                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 50055.050505                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 79528.131120                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79528.131120                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 79528.131120                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79528.131120                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements                4                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse                1021                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs                795                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs                4                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs           198.750000                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst         1021                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.997070                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.997070                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1021                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         1018                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.997070                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses          5036256                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses         5036256                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst      1259058                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        1259058                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst      1259058                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total         1259058                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst      1259058                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total        1259058                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst            5                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total            5                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu0.inst            5                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total             5                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu0.inst            5                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total            5                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       151000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total       151000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       151000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total       151000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       151000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total       151000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst      1259063                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1259063                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst      1259063                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total      1259063                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst      1259063                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total      1259063                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        30200                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total        30200                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        30200                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total        30200                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        30200                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total        30200                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::writebacks            4                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total                4                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            4                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            4                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            4                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total            4                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            4                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total            4                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       138000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       138000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       138000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total       138000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       138000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total       138000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        34500                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        34500                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        34500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        34500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        34500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        34500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu1.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                    192236                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                        16384                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                      288358                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                    192236                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      1.500021                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks       12.966346                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst         0.151301                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     16370.882353                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.000791                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst        0.000009                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.999199                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total                   1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          136                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1         1105                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         9049                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         6070                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           24                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                   4046868                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                  4046868                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         2246                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total             2246                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks            4                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total                4                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data               584                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                   584                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu0.inst              3                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total                  3                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data         48231                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total             48231                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.inst                    3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data                48815                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                    48818                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.inst                   3                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data               48815                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                   48818                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data             406                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                 406                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu0.inst            1                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total                1                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data       191811                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total          191811                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.inst                  1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data             192217                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 192218                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.inst                 1                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data            192217                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                192218                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     41684000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      41684000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       100500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total       100500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18224519000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total  18224519000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       100500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18266203000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      18266303500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       100500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18266203000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     18266303500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         2246                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         2246                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks            4                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total            4                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data           990                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total               990                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu0.inst            4                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total              4                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data       240042                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        240042                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst                4                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data           241032                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               241036                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst               4                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data          241032                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              241036                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.410101                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.410101                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.250000                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.250000                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.799073                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.799073                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst        0.250000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.797475                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.797466                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst       0.250000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.797475                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.797466                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 102669.950739                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 102669.950739                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       100500                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total       100500                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 95012.898113                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 95012.898113                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       100500                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 95029.071310                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 95029.099772                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       100500                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 95029.071310                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 95029.099772                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                  621                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                       621                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks            2                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total             2                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          406                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            406                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            1                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       191811                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total       191811                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst             1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        192217                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            192218                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            1                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       192217                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           192218                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     37624000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     37624000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        90500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        90500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16306399000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  16306399000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        90500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16344023000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  16344113500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        90500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16344023000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  16344113500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.410101                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.410101                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.250000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.250000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.799073                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.799073                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.250000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.797475                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.797466                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.250000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.797475                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.797466                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 92669.950739                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 92669.950739                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        90500                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        90500                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 85012.845979                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 85012.845979                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        90500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 85029.019285                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 85029.047748                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        90500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 85029.019285                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 85029.047748                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        384429                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       192219                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             191813                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          621                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict           191588                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq               406                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp              406                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        191814                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       576648                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total       576648                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 576648                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     12341760                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total     12341760                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                12341760                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            192220                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                  192220    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              192220                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer4.occupancy           453895500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer4.utilization               3.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         1039651750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              6.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       482073                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       241039                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests          468                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops             29                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops           23                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            6                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp            240047                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         2867                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean            4                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict          430402                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq              990                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp             990                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq             4                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       240042                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side           12                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       723098                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                723110                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side          512                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     15569856                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total               15570368                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                          192236                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                     39744                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples           433272                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.001166                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.034524                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                 432773     99.88%     99.88% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                    493      0.11%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      6      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total             433272                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy          243286500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              1.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy              6000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy         361549500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             2.4                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
