
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.015267                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 15267344125                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               6045868273500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                               68380858                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                127046255                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              180731314                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1248976                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                    84.48                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  5776496178                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   10732277455                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data       12619776                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total           12619776                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks        26112                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total           26112                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data          197184                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total              197184                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks           408                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total                408                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data         826586202                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             826586202                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks         1710317                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total              1710317                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks         1710317                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data        826586202                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            828296519                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                      197186                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                        408                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                    197186                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                      408                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM               12616256                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                    3648                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                   25600                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                12619904                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys                26112                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                     57                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     3                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0             12406                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1             12453                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2             12407                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3             12240                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4             12423                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5             12028                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6             11961                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7             12062                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8             12077                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9             12063                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10            11880                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11            12354                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12            12683                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13            12739                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14            12652                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15            12701                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2                25                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3               141                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4                80                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12              132                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13               22                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   15267385500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                197186                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                  408                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                  148617                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                   45357                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                    3130                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                      25                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                     24                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                     25                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                     25                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                     25                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                     25                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                     25                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                     26                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                     26                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                     26                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                     26                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                     26                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                     25                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                     25                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                     26                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                     25                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                     25                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples        97133                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    130.139417                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   111.777768                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev    77.656289                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127        40893     42.10%     42.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255        44766     46.09%     88.19% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383         9936     10.23%     98.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1378      1.42%     99.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639          132      0.14%     99.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767           13      0.01%     99.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895            4      0.00%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023            2      0.00%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151            9      0.01%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total        97133                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples           25                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean    7909.280000                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean   7723.335689                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev   1750.756801                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4608-5119            1      4.00%      4.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::5120-5631            2      8.00%     12.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::5632-6143            2      8.00%     20.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::6144-6655            2      8.00%     28.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::6656-7167            1      4.00%     32.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::7168-7679            2      8.00%     40.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::7680-8191            5     20.00%     60.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::8192-8703            3     12.00%     72.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::8704-9215            2      8.00%     80.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::9216-9727            2      8.00%     88.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::9728-10239            1      4.00%     92.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::11264-11775            1      4.00%     96.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::11776-12287            1      4.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total            25                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples           25                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean             16                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.000000                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16               25    100.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total            25                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                   4785349500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat              8481518250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                  985645000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     24275.22                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                43025.22                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       826.36                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                         1.68                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    826.59                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                      1.71                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         6.47                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     6.46                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.32                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      25.53                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                   100046                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                     345                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 50.75                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                85.19                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                      77266.44                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    50.82                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                345747360                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                183769080                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy               699577200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy                1284120                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         1205309040.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy           1634020140                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             23989440                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy      5177785950                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy       102412800                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy                0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy             9373895130                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            613.983353                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime          11620606625                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE      9258500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     509860000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    267036250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    3127237750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  11353951625                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                347817960                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                184850655                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy               707916720                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy                 803880                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         1204694400.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy           1642510860                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             24453600                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy      5174151630                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy        97859040                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy                0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy             9385058745                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            614.714561                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime          11602081625                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE      9414000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     509600000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    255021500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    3146248500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  11347060125                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups                1460761                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted          1460761                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect            61560                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups             1122845                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                  41838                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect              6872                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectLookups        1122845                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectHits            620604                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectMisses          502241                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu0.branchPredindirectMispredicted        19953                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                     689283                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                      52633                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                       138999                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                          833                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                    1214667                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                         5495                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                    0                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                        30534689                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles           1241395                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                       4283787                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                    1460761                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches            662442                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                     29105499                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                 126656                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.TlbCycles                      3599                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.cpu0.fetch.MiscStallCycles                1241                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles        50151                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingQuiesceStallCycles            3                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending quiesce instructions
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                  1209172                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes                 6496                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.ItlbSquashes                      6                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples          30465216                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             0.282763                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            1.341777                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                28799470     94.53%     94.53% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                   22170      0.07%     94.61% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                  598624      1.96%     96.57% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                   25950      0.09%     96.66% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                  119395      0.39%     97.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                   57669      0.19%     97.24% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                   80928      0.27%     97.50% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                   22393      0.07%     97.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                  738617      2.42%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total            30465216                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.047839                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       0.140292                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                  612335                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles             28706263                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                   791779                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles               291511                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles                 63328                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts               7061138                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles                 63328                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                  698431                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles               27537693                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles         12683                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                   922804                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles              1230277                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts               6775544                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents                63689                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents                961702                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LQFullEvents                210769                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu0.rename.SQFullEvents                   662                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands            8068241                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups             18803827                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups         8910651                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.fp_rename_lookups            35782                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps              2830161                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                 5238099                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts               299                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts           361                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                  1863902                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads             1218310                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores              76141                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads             4545                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores            4130                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                   6436636                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded               4231                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                  4603203                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued             5491                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined        4082343                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      8439010                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          4231                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     30465216                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        0.151097                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       0.709407                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           28568399     93.77%     93.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1             757318      2.49%     96.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2             401538      1.32%     97.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3             270882      0.89%     98.47% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4             275991      0.91%     99.37% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5              79968      0.26%     99.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6              69132      0.23%     99.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7              24337      0.08%     99.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8              17651      0.06%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       30465216                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                   9993     68.87%     68.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     68.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     68.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                 1093      7.53%     76.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     76.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     76.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     76.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     76.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     76.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     76.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     76.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     76.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     76.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     76.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     76.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     76.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     76.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     76.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     76.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     76.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     76.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     76.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     76.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     76.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     76.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     76.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     76.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     76.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     76.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     76.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     76.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                  3075     21.19%     97.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                  231      1.59%     99.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead               84      0.58%     99.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite              34      0.23%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            17425      0.38%      0.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu              3785948     82.25%     82.62% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                1056      0.02%     82.65% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                 9156      0.20%     82.85% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd              13422      0.29%     83.14% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     83.14% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     83.14% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     83.14% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     83.14% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     83.14% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     83.14% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     83.14% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     83.14% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     83.14% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     83.14% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     83.14% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     83.14% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     83.14% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     83.14% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     83.14% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     83.14% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     83.14% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     83.14% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     83.14% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     83.14% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     83.14% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     83.14% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     83.14% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     83.14% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     83.14% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     83.14% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     83.14% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead              717346     15.58%     98.72% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite              56568      1.23%     99.95% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead           2176      0.05%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite           106      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total               4603203                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          0.150753                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                      14510                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.003152                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads          39658655                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes         10493601                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      4414685                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads              32968                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes             29614                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses        14349                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses               4583363                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses                  16925                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads            4099                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       776569                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          149                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            7                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        50219                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           24                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked         1205                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles                 63328                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles               25625718                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles               254422                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts            6440867                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts             3984                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts              1218310                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts               76141                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts              1600                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                 16561                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                57283                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             7                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         33584                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        36754                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts               70338                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts              4522531                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts               689076                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts            80672                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                      741690                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                  535749                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                     52614                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    0.148111                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                       4444720                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                      4429034                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                  3250055                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                  5144063                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      0.145049                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.631807                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts        4082771                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts            63324                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     29885213                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.078919                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     0.515945                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     28854982     96.55%     96.55% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       476526      1.59%     98.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       114310      0.38%     98.53% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       308658      1.03%     99.56% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        55379      0.19%     99.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        27477      0.09%     99.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         5340      0.02%     99.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         3865      0.01%     99.87% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        38676      0.13%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     29885213                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts             1180656                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps               2358524                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                        467654                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                       441742                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                    421628                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                     10374                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                  2348001                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls                4575                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass         3161      0.13%      0.13% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu         1870955     79.33%     79.46% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult            183      0.01%     79.47% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv            7703      0.33%     79.80% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd          8868      0.38%     80.17% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     80.17% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     80.17% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     80.17% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.17% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     80.17% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     80.17% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     80.17% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     80.17% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     80.17% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     80.17% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     80.17% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     80.17% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     80.17% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     80.17% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.17% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     80.17% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     80.17% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     80.17% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     80.17% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     80.17% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     80.17% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     80.17% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     80.17% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     80.17% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     80.17% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.17% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     80.17% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead         440236     18.67%     98.84% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite         25912      1.10%     99.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead         1506      0.06%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::total          2358524                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events                38676                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                    36287832                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                   13464150                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                            520                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                          69473                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.committedInsts                    1180656                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                      2358524                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                             25.862477                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                       25.862477                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              0.038666                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        0.038666                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads                 4537496                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes                3845571                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads                    25612                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_writes                   12788                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_reads                  2800996                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_writes                 1212654                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads                2369550                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements           229011                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs             294651                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           229011                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs             1.286624                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data         1024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          145                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          773                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          105                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          3056995                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses         3056995                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data       272485                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         272485                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data        25017                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         25017                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data       297502                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total          297502                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data       297502                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total         297502                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data       408599                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       408599                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data          895                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          895                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data       409494                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total        409494                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data       409494                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total       409494                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  34773321000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  34773321000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     35167498                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     35167498                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  34808488498                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  34808488498                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  34808488498                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  34808488498                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data       681084                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       681084                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data        25912                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        25912                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data       706996                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total       706996                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data       706996                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total       706996                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.599925                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.599925                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.034540                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.034540                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.579203                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.579203                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.579203                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.579203                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 85103.783905                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 85103.783905                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 39293.293855                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 39293.293855                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 85003.659389                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 85003.659389                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 85003.659389                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 85003.659389                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        17338                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs              773                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    22.429495                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         2145                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total             2145                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       180477                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       180477                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data            5                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       180482                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       180482                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       180482                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       180482                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       228122                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       228122                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          890                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          890                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       229012                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       229012                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       229012                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       229012                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19326496000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  19326496000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     33979998                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     33979998                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19360475998                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  19360475998                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19360475998                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  19360475998                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.334940                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.334940                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.034347                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.034347                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.323923                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.323923                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.323923                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.323923                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84720.000701                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84720.000701                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 38179.773034                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 38179.773034                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84539.133312                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84539.133312                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84539.133312                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84539.133312                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse                1021                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst         1021                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.997070                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.997070                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1021                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         1021                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.997070                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses          4836688                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses         4836688                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst      1209172                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        1209172                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst      1209172                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total         1209172                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst      1209172                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total        1209172                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst      1209172                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1209172                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst      1209172                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total      1209172                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst      1209172                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total      1209172                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu1.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                    197190                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                        16384                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                      265890                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                    197190                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      1.348395                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks       12.943930                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     16371.056070                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.000790                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.999210                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total                   1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          125                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1         1144                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2        11065                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         4024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           26                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                   3859102                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                  3859102                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         2145                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total             2145                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data               637                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                   637                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data         31189                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total             31189                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data                31826                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                    31826                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data               31826                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                   31826                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data             253                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                 253                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data       196933                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total          196933                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data             197186                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 197186                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data            197186                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                197186                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     25662000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      25662000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18631426500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total  18631426500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18657088500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      18657088500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18657088500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     18657088500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         2145                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         2145                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data           890                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total               890                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data       228122                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        228122                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data           229012                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               229012                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data          229012                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              229012                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.284270                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.284270                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.863279                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.863279                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.861029                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.861029                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.861029                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.861029                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 101430.830040                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 101430.830040                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94607.945342                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 94607.945342                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94616.699461                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 94616.699461                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94616.699461                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 94616.699461                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                  408                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                       408                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks            1                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total             1                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          253                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            253                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       196933                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total       196933                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        197186                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            197186                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       197186                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           197186                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     23132000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     23132000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16662106500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  16662106500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16685238500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  16685238500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16685238500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  16685238500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.284270                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.284270                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.863279                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.863279                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.861029                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.861029                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.861029                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.861029                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 91430.830040                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 91430.830040                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84607.996121                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84607.996121                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84616.750175                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84616.750175                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84616.750175                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84616.750175                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        394362                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       197184                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             196932                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          408                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict           196768                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq               253                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp              253                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        196933                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       591547                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total       591547                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 591547                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     12645952                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total     12645952                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                12645952                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            197186                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                  197186    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              197186                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer4.occupancy           465172500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer4.utilization               3.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         1065046000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              7.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       458023                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       229014                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests          546                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops             15                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops           14                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            1                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp            228121                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         2553                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict          423648                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq              890                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp             890                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       228122                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       687034                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                687034                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     14793984                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total               14793984                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                          197190                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                     26112                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples           426202                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.001326                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.036450                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                 425638     99.87%     99.87% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                    563      0.13%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      1      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total             426202                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy          231156500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              1.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy         343516500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             2.3                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
