
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.015267                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 15267344125                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               6671829382625                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                               65254773                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                121313260                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              171044201                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1248976                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                    89.26                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  5824615519                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   10828376115                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data       12518528                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total           12518528                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks        24640                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total           24640                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data          195602                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total              195602                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks           385                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total                385                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data         819954532                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             819954532                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks         1613902                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total              1613902                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks         1613902                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data        819954532                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            821568434                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                      195602                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                        385                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                    195602                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                      385                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM               12514304                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                    4224                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                   24704                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                12518528                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys                24640                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                     66                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     5                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0             12084                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1             12330                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2             12042                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3             12311                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4             12005                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5             12057                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6             11868                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7             12140                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8             12341                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9             12189                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10            12126                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11            12014                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12            12541                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13            12627                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14            12463                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15            12398                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4                24                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7                11                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9                 4                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10              128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11               93                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12              126                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   15267331000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                195602                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                  385                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                  148713                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                   44128                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                    2664                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                      31                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                     23                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                     23                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                     23                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                     23                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                     23                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                     23                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                     23                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                     24                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                     24                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                     24                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                     24                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                     24                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                     24                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                     24                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                     25                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                     24                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples        97988                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    127.964730                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   110.089706                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev    76.263275                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127        42423     43.29%     43.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255        44726     45.64%     88.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383         9414      9.61%     98.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1285      1.31%     99.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639          110      0.11%     99.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767           15      0.02%     99.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895            3      0.00%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023            5      0.01%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151            7      0.01%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total        97988                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples           24                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean    8302.250000                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean   8142.157922                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev   1703.824809                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::5120-5631            1      4.17%      4.17% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::5632-6143            1      4.17%      8.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::6144-6655            2      8.33%     16.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::6656-7167            4     16.67%     33.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::7168-7679            1      4.17%     37.50% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::7680-8191            1      4.17%     41.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::8192-8703            3     12.50%     54.17% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::8704-9215            7     29.17%     83.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::9216-9727            2      8.33%     91.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::11264-11775            1      4.17%     95.83% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::12800-13311            1      4.17%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total            24                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples           24                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      16.083333                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.078715                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.408248                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16               23     95.83%     95.83% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18                1      4.17%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total            24                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                   4703743250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat              8370043250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                  977680000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     24055.64                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                42805.64                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       819.68                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                         1.62                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    819.95                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                      1.61                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         6.42                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     6.40                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.31                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      25.34                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                    97598                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                     339                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 49.91                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                89.21                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                      77899.71                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    49.99                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                346339980                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                184087860                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy               691430460                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy                 182700                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         1205923680.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy           1623890100                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             24409920                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy      5164851510                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy       121305600                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy     620940.000000                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy             9363042750                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            613.272529                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime          11642353250                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE     10158000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     510126000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF       285500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    316299250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    3104634000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  11325841375                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                353272920                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                187776600                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy               704696580                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy                1832220                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         1205309040.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy           1654430700                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             24526560                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy      5118621090                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy       134511360                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy                0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy             9384977070                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            614.709212                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime          11575964250                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE      9571500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     509860000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    350291500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    3171948375                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  11225672750                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups                1304800                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted          1304800                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect            51420                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups              987420                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                  35014                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect              5249                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectLookups         987420                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectHits            564344                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectMisses          423076                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu0.branchPredindirectMispredicted        17127                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                     637809                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                      44207                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                       142695                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                          670                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                    1101017                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                         4147                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                    0                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                        30534688                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles           1123111                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                       3783923                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                    1304800                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches            599358                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                     29238737                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                 105384                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.TlbCycles                      3833                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.cpu0.fetch.MiscStallCycles                 948                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles        40974                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                  1096870                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes                 5663                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.ItlbSquashes                      8                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples          30460295                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             0.249818                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            1.258871                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                28968081     95.10%     95.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                   16759      0.06%     95.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                  555464      1.82%     96.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                   22089      0.07%     97.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                  110388      0.36%     97.41% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                   50479      0.17%     97.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                   78484      0.26%     97.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                   17676      0.06%     97.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                  640875      2.10%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total            30460295                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.042732                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       0.123922                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                  537416                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles             28907243                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                   677638                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles               285306                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles                 52692                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts               6320587                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles                 52692                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                  618995                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles               27784952                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles         12142                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                   808796                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles              1182718                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts               6079631                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents                55991                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents                984382                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LQFullEvents                140336                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu0.rename.SQFullEvents                   706                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands            7261646                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups             16936328                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups         7956203                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.fp_rename_lookups            30879                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps              2830810                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                 4430836                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts               173                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts           233                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                  1838101                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads             1089646                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores              63994                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads             3609                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores            4014                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                   5789123                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded               3850                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                  4220779                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued             5683                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined        3437612                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      7209477                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          3850                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     30460295                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        0.138567                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       0.670142                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           28657820     94.08%     94.08% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1             753671      2.47%     96.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2             388950      1.28%     97.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3             260247      0.85%     98.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4             236316      0.78%     99.46% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5              68370      0.22%     99.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6              58779      0.19%     99.88% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7              20457      0.07%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8              15685      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       30460295                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                   9257     67.92%     67.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     67.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     67.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                  894      6.56%     74.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     74.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     74.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     74.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     74.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     74.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     74.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     74.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     74.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     74.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     74.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     74.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     74.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     74.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     74.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     74.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     74.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     74.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     74.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     74.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     74.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     74.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     74.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     74.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     74.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     74.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     74.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     74.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                  3119     22.89%     97.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                  211      1.55%     98.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead              143      1.05%     99.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               5      0.04%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            13882      0.33%      0.33% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu              3474942     82.33%     82.66% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                1061      0.03%     82.68% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                 8433      0.20%     82.88% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd              11527      0.27%     83.16% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     83.16% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     83.16% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     83.16% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     83.16% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     83.16% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     83.16% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     83.16% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     83.16% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     83.16% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     83.16% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     83.16% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     83.16% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     83.16% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     83.16% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     83.16% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     83.16% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     83.16% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     83.16% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     83.16% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     83.16% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     83.16% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     83.16% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     83.16% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     83.16% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     83.16% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     83.16% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     83.16% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead              660897     15.66%     98.81% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite              47411      1.12%     99.94% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead           2612      0.06%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite            14      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total               4220779                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          0.138229                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                      13629                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.003229                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads          38891656                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes          9204143                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      4062324                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads              29509                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes             26448                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses        12746                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses               4205331                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses                  15195                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads            4247                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       648915                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          127                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            7                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        39250                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           18                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked         1268                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles                 52692                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles               26160106                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles               241880                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts            5792973                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts             3115                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts              1089646                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts               63994                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts              1394                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                 13544                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                38104                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             7                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         28077                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        30449                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts               58526                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts              4153405                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts               637601                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts            67374                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                      681803                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                  516468                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                     44202                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    0.136023                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                       4088016                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                      4075070                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                  2939029                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                  4752023                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      0.133457                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.618480                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts        3438097                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts            52687                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     29977072                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.078572                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     0.508923                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     28933169     96.52%     96.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       482082      1.61%     98.13% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       121169      0.40%     98.53% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       323109      1.08%     99.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        47843      0.16%     99.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        24878      0.08%     99.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         4640      0.02%     99.87% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         3444      0.01%     99.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        36738      0.12%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     29977072                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts             1179716                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps               2355361                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                        465475                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                       440731                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                    423050                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                     10016                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                  2345274                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls                4375                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass         3015      0.13%      0.13% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu         1870817     79.43%     79.56% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult            175      0.01%     79.56% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv            7335      0.31%     79.87% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd          8544      0.36%     80.24% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     80.24% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     80.24% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     80.24% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.24% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     80.24% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     80.24% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     80.24% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     80.24% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     80.24% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     80.24% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     80.24% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     80.24% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     80.24% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     80.24% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.24% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     80.24% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     80.24% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     80.24% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     80.24% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     80.24% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     80.24% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     80.24% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     80.24% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     80.24% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     80.24% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.24% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     80.24% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead         439259     18.65%     98.89% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite         24744      1.05%     99.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead         1472      0.06%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::total          2355361                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events                36738                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                    35733792                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                   12071454                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                            534                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                          74393                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.committedInsts                    1179716                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                      2355361                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                             25.883084                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                       25.883084                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              0.038635                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        0.038635                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads                 4221749                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes                3520545                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads                    22309                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_writes                   11051                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_reads                  2746258                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_writes                 1165478                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads                2191909                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements           233692                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs             246302                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           233692                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs             1.053960                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data         1024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          131                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          788                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          105                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          2851876                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses         2851876                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data       221338                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         221338                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data        23815                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         23815                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data       245153                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total          245153                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data       245153                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total         245153                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data       408464                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       408464                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data          929                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          929                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data       409393                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total        409393                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data       409393                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total       409393                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  33939723000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  33939723000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     34286998                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     34286998                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  33974009998                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  33974009998                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  33974009998                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  33974009998                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data       629802                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       629802                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data        24744                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        24744                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data       654546                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total       654546                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data       654546                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total       654546                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.648559                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.648559                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.037544                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.037544                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.625461                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.625461                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.625461                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.625461                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 83091.099828                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 83091.099828                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 36907.425188                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 36907.425188                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 82986.299223                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 82986.299223                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 82986.299223                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 82986.299223                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        18724                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs              828                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    22.613527                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         2263                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total             2263                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       175695                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       175695                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       175701                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       175701                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       175701                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       175701                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       232769                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       232769                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          923                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          923                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       233692                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       233692                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       233692                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       233692                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19211082500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  19211082500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     32942498                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     32942498                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19244024998                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  19244024998                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19244024998                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  19244024998                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.369591                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.369591                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.037302                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.037302                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.357029                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.357029                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.357029                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.357029                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 82532.822240                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 82532.822240                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 35690.680390                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 35690.680390                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 82347.812497                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 82347.812497                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 82347.812497                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 82347.812497                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse                1021                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst         1021                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.997070                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.997070                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1021                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         1021                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.997070                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses          4387480                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses         4387480                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst      1096870                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        1096870                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst      1096870                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total         1096870                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst      1096870                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total        1096870                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst      1096870                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1096870                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst      1096870                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total      1096870                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst      1096870                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total      1096870                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu1.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                    195607                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                        16384                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                      272581                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                    195607                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      1.393514                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks       12.989834                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     16371.010166                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.000793                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.999207                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total                   1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          131                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1         1169                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2        11071                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         3984                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           29                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                   3932095                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                  3932095                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         2263                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total             2263                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data               687                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                   687                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data         37403                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total             37403                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data                38090                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                    38090                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data               38090                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                   38090                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data             237                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                 237                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data       195365                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total          195365                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data             195602                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 195602                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data            195602                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                195602                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     24050000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      24050000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18442052000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total  18442052000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18466102000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      18466102000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18466102000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     18466102000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         2263                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         2263                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data           924                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total               924                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data       232768                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        232768                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data           233692                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               233692                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data          233692                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              233692                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.256494                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.256494                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.839312                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.839312                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.837008                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.837008                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.837008                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.837008                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 101476.793249                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 101476.793249                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94397.932076                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 94397.932076                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94406.509136                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 94406.509136                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94406.509136                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 94406.509136                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                  385                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                       385                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks            1                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total             1                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          237                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            237                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       195365                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total       195365                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        195602                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            195602                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       195602                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           195602                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     21680000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     21680000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16488402000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  16488402000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16510082000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  16510082000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16510082000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  16510082000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.256494                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.256494                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.839312                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.839312                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.837008                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.837008                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.837008                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.837008                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 91476.793249                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 91476.793249                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84397.932076                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84397.932076                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84406.509136                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84406.509136                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84406.509136                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84406.509136                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        391196                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       195602                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             195365                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          385                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict           195209                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq               237                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp              237                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        195365                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       586798                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total       586798                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 586798                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     12543168                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total     12543168                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                12543168                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            195602                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                  195602    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              195602                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer4.occupancy           462012500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer4.utilization               3.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         1057370750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              6.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       467384                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       233692                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests          589                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops             14                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops           13                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            1                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp            232768                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         2648                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict          426651                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq              924                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp             924                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       232768                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       701076                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                701076                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     15101120                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total               15101120                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                          195607                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                     24640                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples           429299                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.001407                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.037545                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                 428696     99.86%     99.86% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                    602      0.14%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      1      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total             429299                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy          235955000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              1.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy         350538000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             2.3                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
