
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.015267                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 15267344125                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               4259589010875                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                               66466408                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                123248219                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              180244912                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1248976                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                    84.70                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  5629922958                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   10439531094                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data       12349184                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total           12349184                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks        36544                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total           36544                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data          192956                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total              192956                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks           571                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total                571                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data         808862622                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             808862622                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks         2393606                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total              2393606                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks         2393606                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data        808862622                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            811256228                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                      192957                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                        571                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                    192957                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                      571                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM               12343872                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                    5376                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                   35968                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                12349248                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys                36544                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                     84                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     6                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0             12008                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1             11732                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2             12066                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3             11970                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4             11923                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5             12060                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6             11839                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7             11989                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8             11957                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9             12041                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10            11831                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11            12152                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12            12520                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13            12358                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14            12261                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15            12166                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4                31                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6                 6                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7                12                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8               123                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9               128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10               90                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12              172                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   15267339000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                192957                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                  571                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                  145247                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                   44446                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                    3123                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                      57                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                     35                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                     35                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                     35                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                     35                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                     35                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                     36                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                     36                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                     36                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                     35                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                     35                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                     35                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                     35                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                     35                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                     35                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                     35                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                     35                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples        96971                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    127.664725                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   109.615793                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev    77.133822                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127        42567     43.90%     43.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255        43609     44.97%     88.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383         9326      9.62%     98.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1298      1.34%     99.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639          131      0.14%     99.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767           16      0.02%     99.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895            6      0.01%     99.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023            2      0.00%     99.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           16      0.02%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total        96971                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples           35                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean    5442.971429                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean   5305.095832                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev   1213.375978                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2560-3071            1      2.86%      2.86% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::3072-3583            1      2.86%      5.71% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::3584-4095            3      8.57%     14.29% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4096-4607            3      8.57%     22.86% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4608-5119            3      8.57%     31.43% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::5120-5631           10     28.57%     60.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::5632-6143            2      5.71%     65.71% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::6144-6655            6     17.14%     82.86% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::6656-7167            5     14.29%     97.14% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::8192-8703            1      2.86%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total            35                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples           35                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      16.057143                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.053934                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.338062                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16               34     97.14%     97.14% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18                1      2.86%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total            35                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                   4747933250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat              8364302000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                  964365000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     24616.89                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                43366.89                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       808.51                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                         2.36                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    808.87                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                      2.39                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         6.33                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     6.32                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.32                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      25.60                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                    95971                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                     493                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 49.76                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                87.26                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                      78889.56                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    49.87                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                343319760                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                182474985                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy               682498320                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy                 255780                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         1205309040.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy           1603505760                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             24597120                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy      5199459060                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy       109250400                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy                0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy             9350670225                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            612.462138                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime          11687456000                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE      9708000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     509860000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    284684250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    3060320125                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  11402771750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                349060320                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                185529960                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy               694622040                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy                2677860                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         1205309040.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy           1630080300                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             24382080                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy      5199729240                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy        86859360                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy                0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy             9378250200                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            614.268606                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime          11629547000                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE      9210000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     509860000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    226338250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    3118638000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  11403297875                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups                1689727                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted          1689727                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect            79077                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups             1310255                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                  64169                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect             10667                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectLookups        1310255                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectHits            696435                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectMisses          613820                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu0.branchPredindirectMispredicted        25663                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                     827695                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                      71715                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                       155529                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                         1232                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                    1355761                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                         7059                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                    0                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                        30534688                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles           1391871                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                       5101100                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                    1689727                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches            760604                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                     28932710                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                 163042                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.TlbCycles                      3124                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.cpu0.fetch.MiscStallCycles                1624                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles        61534                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                  1348702                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes                 9503                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.ItlbSquashes                      5                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples          30472384                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             0.338017                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            1.467183                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                28532034     93.63%     93.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                   21234      0.07%     93.70% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                  640548      2.10%     95.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                   37079      0.12%     95.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                  136802      0.45%     96.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                   92566      0.30%     96.68% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                   93643      0.31%     96.99% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                   33105      0.11%     97.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                  885373      2.91%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total            30472384                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.055338                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       0.167059                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                  713581                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles             28397892                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                   957456                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles               321934                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles                 81521                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts               8420096                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles                 81521                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                  817149                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles               26991389                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles         10844                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                  1096147                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles              1475334                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts               8044896                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents               118349                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents               1035332                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LQFullEvents                397903                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu0.rename.SQFullEvents                   321                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands            9577812                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups             22160169                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups        10735412                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.fp_rename_lookups            48877                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps              3286321                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                 6291490                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts               261                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts           332                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                  2043181                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads             1414898                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores             103642                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads             6244                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores            6373                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                   7594282                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded               5969                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                  5512698                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued             7666                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined        4860872                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      9562381                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          5969                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     30472384                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        0.180908                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       0.788855                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           28288290     92.83%     92.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1             829649      2.72%     95.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2             458761      1.51%     97.06% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3             315329      1.03%     98.10% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4             318158      1.04%     99.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5             110281      0.36%     99.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6              92270      0.30%     99.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7              35285      0.12%     99.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8              24361      0.08%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       30472384                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                  14899     67.44%     67.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     67.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     67.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                 1539      6.97%     74.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     74.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     74.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     74.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     74.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     74.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     74.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     74.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     74.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     74.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     74.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     74.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     74.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     74.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     74.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     74.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     74.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     74.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     74.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     74.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     74.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     74.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     74.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     74.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     74.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     74.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     74.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     74.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                  5186     23.47%     97.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                  357      1.62%     99.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead               80      0.36%     99.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite              32      0.14%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            23170      0.42%      0.42% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu              4510367     81.82%     82.24% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                1490      0.03%     82.27% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                13524      0.25%     82.51% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd              19397      0.35%     82.86% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     82.86% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     82.86% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     82.86% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     82.86% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     82.86% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     82.86% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     82.86% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     82.86% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     82.86% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     82.86% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     82.86% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     82.86% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     82.86% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     82.86% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     82.86% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     82.86% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     82.86% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     82.86% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     82.86% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     82.86% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     82.86% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     82.86% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     82.86% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     82.86% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     82.86% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     82.86% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     82.86% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead              864880     15.69%     98.55% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite              76811      1.39%     99.94% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead           2953      0.05%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite           106      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total               5512698                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          0.180539                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                      22093                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.004008                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads          41480679                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes         12421925                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      5263963                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads              46860                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes             39204                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses        21061                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses               5487505                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses                  24116                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads            6486                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       913514                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          192                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            7                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        64417                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           55                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked         1346                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles                 81521                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles               24459068                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles               308913                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts            7600251                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts             5711                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts              1414898                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts              103642                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts              2171                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                 18389                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents               109522                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             7                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         43382                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        47733                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts               91115                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts              5401933                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts               827212                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts           110765                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                      898901                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                  633484                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                     71689                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    0.176911                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                       5307957                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                      5285024                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                  3891374                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                  6209024                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      0.173083                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.626729                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts        4862194                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts            81518                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     29770379                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.092017                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     0.572440                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     28617400     96.13%     96.13% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       522529      1.76%     97.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       128116      0.43%     98.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       334151      1.12%     99.44% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        65312      0.22%     99.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        35494      0.12%     99.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         7091      0.02%     99.80% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         5388      0.02%     99.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        54898      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     29770379                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts             1372042                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps               2739378                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                        540609                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                       501384                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                    477210                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                     15636                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                  2723574                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls                6900                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass         4704      0.17%      0.17% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu         2169057     79.18%     79.35% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult            276      0.01%     79.36% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv           11364      0.41%     79.78% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd         13368      0.49%     80.27% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     80.27% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     80.27% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     80.27% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.27% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     80.27% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     80.27% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     80.27% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     80.27% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     80.27% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     80.27% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     80.27% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     80.27% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     80.27% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     80.27% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.27% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     80.27% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     80.27% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     80.27% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     80.27% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     80.27% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     80.27% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     80.27% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     80.27% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     80.27% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     80.27% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.27% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     80.27% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead         499116     18.22%     98.49% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite         39225      1.43%     99.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead         2268      0.08%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::total          2739378                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events                54898                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                    37317053                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                   15907104                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                            486                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                          62304                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.committedInsts                    1372042                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                      2739378                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                             22.254922                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                       22.254922                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              0.044934                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        0.044934                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads                 5626640                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes                4588637                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads                    37461                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_writes                   18693                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_reads                  3304696                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_writes                 1478131                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads                2775095                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements           248875                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs             406865                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           248875                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs             1.634817                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data         1024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          137                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          766                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          121                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          3665163                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses         3665163                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data       370347                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         370347                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data        38199                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         38199                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data       408546                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total          408546                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data       408546                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total         408546                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data       444500                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       444500                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data         1026                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         1026                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data       445526                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total        445526                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data       445526                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total       445526                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  34905144500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  34905144500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     46557500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     46557500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  34951702000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  34951702000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  34951702000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  34951702000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data       814847                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       814847                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data        39225                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        39225                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data       854072                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total       854072                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data       854072                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total       854072                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.545501                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.545501                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.026157                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.026157                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.521649                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.521649                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.521649                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.521649                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 78526.759280                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 78526.759280                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 45377.680312                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 45377.680312                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 78450.420402                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 78450.420402                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 78450.420402                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 78450.420402                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        25823                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs              957                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    26.983281                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         2465                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total             2465                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       196636                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       196636                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data           14                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       196650                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       196650                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       196650                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       196650                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       247864                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       247864                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         1012                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         1012                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       248876                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       248876                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       248876                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       248876                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19267311000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  19267311000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     44206000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     44206000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19311517000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  19311517000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19311517000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  19311517000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.304185                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.304185                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.025800                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.025800                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.291399                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.291399                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.291399                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.291399                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 77733.398154                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77733.398154                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 43681.818182                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 43681.818182                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 77594.934827                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77594.934827                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 77594.934827                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77594.934827                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse                1021                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst         1021                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.997070                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.997070                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1021                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         1021                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.997070                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses          5394808                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses         5394808                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst      1348702                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        1348702                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst      1348702                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total         1348702                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst      1348702                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total        1348702                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst      1348702                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1348702                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst      1348702                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total      1348702                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst      1348702                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total      1348702                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu1.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                    192965                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                        16384                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                      303915                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                    192965                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      1.574975                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks       12.801055                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     16371.198945                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.000781                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.999219                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total                   1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          131                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1         1192                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2        10638                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         4398                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           25                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                   4172949                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                  4172949                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         2465                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total             2465                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data               649                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                   649                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data         55270                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total             55270                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data                55919                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                    55919                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data               55919                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                   55919                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data             363                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                 363                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data       192594                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total          192594                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data             192957                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 192957                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data            192957                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                192957                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     35559500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      35559500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18284563500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total  18284563500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18320123000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      18320123000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18320123000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     18320123000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         2465                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         2465                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data          1012                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total              1012                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data       247864                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        247864                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data           248876                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               248876                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data          248876                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              248876                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.358696                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.358696                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.777015                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.777015                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.775314                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.775314                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.775314                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.775314                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 97960.055096                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 97960.055096                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94938.385931                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 94938.385931                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94944.070441                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 94944.070441                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94944.070441                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 94944.070441                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                  571                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                       571                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks            2                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total             2                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          363                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            363                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       192594                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total       192594                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        192957                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            192957                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       192957                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           192957                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     31929500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     31929500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16358633500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  16358633500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16390563000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  16390563000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16390563000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  16390563000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.358696                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.358696                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.777015                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.777015                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.775314                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.775314                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.775314                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.775314                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 87960.055096                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 87960.055096                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84938.437854                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84938.437854                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84944.122266                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84944.122266                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84944.122266                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84944.122266                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        385903                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       192955                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             192593                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          571                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict           192375                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq               363                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp              363                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        192594                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       578859                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total       578859                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 578859                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     12385728                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total     12385728                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                12385728                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            192957                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                  192957    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              192957                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer4.occupancy           455159500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer4.utilization               3.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         1043110500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              6.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       497751                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       248877                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests          527                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops             21                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops           17                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            4                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp            247863                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         3036                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict          438804                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             1012                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp            1012                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       247864                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       746626                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                746626                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     16085760                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total               16085760                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                          192965                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                     36544                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples           441841                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.001254                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.035642                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                 441291     99.88%     99.88% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                    546      0.12%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      4      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total             441841                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy          251340500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              1.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy         373312500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             2.4                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
