
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.015267                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 15267344125                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               412218291375                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                3515901                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                  6639792                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               58270346                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1219356                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   262.01                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   921197039                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    1739684013                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.inst            192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data         241344                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total             241536                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst          192                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total           192                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks       207552                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total          207552                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.inst               3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data            3771                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total                3774                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks          3243                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total               3243                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.inst             12576                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data          15807857                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total              15820433                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst        12576                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total            12576                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks        13594506                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total             13594506                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks        13594506                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.inst            12576                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data         15807857                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total             29414939                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                        3774                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                       3243                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                      3774                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                     3243                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM                 241536                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                       0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                  206912                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                  241536                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys               207552                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                      0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0               165                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1               129                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2               181                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3               256                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4               256                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5               261                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6               228                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7               312                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8               384                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9               438                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10              208                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11              129                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12              213                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13              256                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14              229                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15              129                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0               165                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1               129                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2               182                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3               256                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4               256                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5               183                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6               127                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7               247                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8               259                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9               317                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10              190                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11              129                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12              217                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13              256                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14              189                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15              131                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   15265320000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                  3774                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                 3243                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                    3763                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                      10                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                       1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                    161                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                    162                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                    183                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                    183                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                    183                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                    183                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                    183                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                    183                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                    183                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                    183                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                    182                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                    182                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                    182                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                    182                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                    182                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                    182                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                    182                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                    182                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples         4398                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    101.995452                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean    77.500159                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   135.834486                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127         3826     86.99%     86.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255          245      5.57%     92.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383          117      2.66%     95.23% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511           66      1.50%     96.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639           40      0.91%     97.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767           39      0.89%     98.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895           22      0.50%     99.02% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           20      0.45%     99.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           23      0.52%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total         4398                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples          182                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean      20.670330                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     20.090651                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev      5.849031                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::16-17            17      9.34%      9.34% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::18-19           105     57.69%     67.03% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::20-21            26     14.29%     81.32% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::22-23             6      3.30%     84.62% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::24-25             5      2.75%     87.36% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::26-27             4      2.20%     89.56% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::28-29             5      2.75%     92.31% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::30-31             2      1.10%     93.41% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::32-33             2      1.10%     94.51% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::34-35             2      1.10%     95.60% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::38-39             3      1.65%     97.25% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::40-41             1      0.55%     97.80% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::44-45             2      1.10%     98.90% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::46-47             2      1.10%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total           182                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples          182                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      17.763736                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     17.751453                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.643027                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16               21     11.54%     11.54% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::17                1      0.55%     12.09% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18              160     87.91%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total           182                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                    410694000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat               481456500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                   18870000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                    108821.94                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat               127571.94                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                        15.82                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                        13.55                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                     15.82                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                     13.59                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         0.23                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     0.12                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.11                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      24.59                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                       65                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                    2545                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                  1.72                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                78.48                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                    2175476.70                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    37.20                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                 14822640                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                  7886010                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy                12766320                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy                8064900                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         1194860160.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy            441092220                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             48756480                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy      2853552240                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy      2266104960                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy        626933400                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy             7476197040                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            489.685500                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime          14164707750                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE     81205500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     507168000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF   2010929625                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN   5901340750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT     508963000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   6257737250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                 16571940                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                  8804400                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy                14180040                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy                8811360                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         1347905520.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy            520931550                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             60932640                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy      2934789780                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy      2541827040                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy        425727300                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy             7881891480                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            516.258192                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime          13959085000                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE    108577000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     572532000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF    907842750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN   6619327750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT     623049250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   6436015375                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups               13200052                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted         13200052                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect          1130949                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups            11018580                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                 988238                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect            216941                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectLookups       11018580                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectHits           3446251                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectMisses         7572329                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu0.branchPredindirectMispredicted       822178                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                    9778423                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                    7317074                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                       144264                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                        53862                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                    8871833                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                        16707                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                   23                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                        30534688                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles           9625925                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                      59575116                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                   13200052                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches           4434489                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                     19684049                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                2280712                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.MiscStallCycles                9020                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles        75032                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                  8855126                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes               282582                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples          30534382                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             3.731996                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            3.587379                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                12441852     40.75%     40.75% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                  861634      2.82%     43.57% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                 1215138      3.98%     47.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                 1383217      4.53%     52.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                 1109647      3.63%     55.71% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                 1076790      3.53%     59.24% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                 1008771      3.30%     62.54% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                  861212      2.82%     65.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                10576121     34.64%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total            30534382                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.432297                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       1.951064                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                 8491927                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles              4475917                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                 15457893                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles               968289                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles               1140356                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts             108118658                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles               1140356                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                 9278796                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles                3410554                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles         23043                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                 15572308                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles              1109325                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts             102843938                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents                  987                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents                 64422                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LQFullEvents                    66                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu0.rename.SQFullEvents                994816                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands          109248127                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups            258664832                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups       154483495                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.fp_rename_lookups          3137198                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps             65920598                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                43327531                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts              1163                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts          1517                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                   825311                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads            11774208                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores            8807113                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads           483713                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores          192665                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                  92064442                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded              71656                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                 81557827                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued           470382                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       30455308                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     44330510                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         71633                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     30534382                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        2.671016                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       2.536776                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           10273918     33.65%     33.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1            2769436      9.07%     42.72% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2            3006787      9.85%     52.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3            2999091      9.82%     62.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4            3046738      9.98%     72.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5            2739492      8.97%     81.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6            3028609      9.92%     91.25% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7            1641010      5.37%     96.63% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8            1029301      3.37%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       30534382                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                 791710     73.83%     73.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     73.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     73.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                13575      1.27%     75.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     75.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     75.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     75.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     75.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     75.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     75.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     75.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     75.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     75.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     75.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     75.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     75.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     75.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     75.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     75.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     75.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     75.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     75.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     75.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     75.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     75.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     75.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     75.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     75.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     75.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     75.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     75.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                100816      9.40%     84.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                79466      7.41%     91.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead              555      0.05%     91.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite           86175      8.04%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass           519037      0.64%      0.64% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu             61728708     75.69%     76.32% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult               69772      0.09%     76.41% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                84024      0.10%     76.51% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            1139213      1.40%     77.91% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     77.91% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     77.91% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     77.91% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     77.91% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     77.91% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     77.91% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     77.91% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     77.91% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     77.91% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     77.91% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     77.91% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     77.91% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     77.91% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     77.91% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     77.91% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     77.91% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     77.91% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     77.91% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     77.91% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     77.91% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     77.91% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     77.91% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     77.91% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     77.91% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     77.91% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     77.91% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     77.91% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead             9950511     12.20%     90.11% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite            7400546      9.07%     99.18% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead         391808      0.48%     99.66% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite        274208      0.34%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total              81557827                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          2.670989                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                    1072297                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.013148                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads         191330700                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes        119514096                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     75866620                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            3862016                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes           3078376                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1745815                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses              80163791                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses                1947296                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         1165316                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      4389150                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses        11939                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         3524                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores      2763154                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          112                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            9                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles               1140356                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles                3458442                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles                 3806                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts           92136098                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts            17093                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts             11774208                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts             8807113                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts             25092                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                   145                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                 3562                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          3524                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        306471                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1188563                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts             1495034                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts             78825797                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts              9771289                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts          2732031                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                    17080341                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                 8487007                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                   7309052                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    2.581516                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                      78254962                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                     77612435                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                 54194730                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                 84732218                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      2.541779                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.639600                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts       30455664                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.commitNonSpecStalls             23                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts          1139690                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     25939212                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     2.377897                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     2.719901                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      9726476     37.50%     37.50% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      3683147     14.20%     51.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      2543691      9.81%     61.50% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      3427194     13.21%     74.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      1127435      4.35%     79.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1103514      4.25%     83.32% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       784811      3.03%     86.34% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       451052      1.74%     88.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      3091892     11.92%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     25939212                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts            32568385                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps              61680787                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                      13429019                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                      7385060                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                   7176623                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                   1255104                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                 60737998                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls              445815                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass       249951      0.41%      0.41% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu        46928352     76.08%     76.49% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult          52314      0.08%     76.57% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv           73059      0.12%     76.69% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd        948092      1.54%     78.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     78.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     78.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     78.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     78.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     78.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     78.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     78.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     78.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     78.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     78.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead        7119810     11.54%     89.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite       6043959      9.80%     99.57% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead       265250      0.43%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::total         61680787                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events              3091892                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                   114983771                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                  188959779                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                             42                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                            306                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.committedInsts                   32568385                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                     61680787                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                              0.937556                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                        0.937556                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              1.066603                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        1.066603                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads               113645992                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes               60875353                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads                  2457737                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_writes                 1216601                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_reads                 39305497                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_writes                20660436                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads               34652360                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements             5330                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs            1111035                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs             5330                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs           208.449343                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data         1024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           28                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          253                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          473                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          267                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         58068858                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses        58068858                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data      8464000                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        8464000                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data      6043788                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       6043788                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data     14507788                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total        14507788                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data     14507788                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total       14507788                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data         4861                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         4861                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data         3233                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         3233                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data         8094                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total          8094                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data         8094                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total         8094                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    232038000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    232038000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    579182000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    579182000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data    811220000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    811220000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data    811220000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    811220000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data      8468861                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8468861                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data      6047021                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      6047021                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data     14515882                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total     14515882                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data     14515882                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total     14515882                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000574                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000574                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000535                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000535                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000558                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000558                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000558                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000558                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 47734.622506                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 47734.622506                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 179146.922363                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 179146.922363                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 100224.857919                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 100224.857919                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 100224.857919                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 100224.857919                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           64                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                3                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    21.333333                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         4066                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total             4066                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data         2703                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         2703                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data           57                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           57                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data         2760                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         2760                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data         2760                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         2760                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         2158                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         2158                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         3176                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         3176                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         5334                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         5334                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         5334                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         5334                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    129900500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    129900500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    568826000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    568826000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    698726500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    698726500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    698726500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    698726500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000255                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000255                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000525                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000525                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000367                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000367                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000367                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000367                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 60194.856348                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60194.856348                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 179101.385390                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 179101.385390                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 130994.844394                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 130994.844394                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 130994.844394                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 130994.844394                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements             1744                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse         1022.000021                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs             604823                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs             1744                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs           346.802179                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst  1022.000021                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.998047                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.998047                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1022                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            9                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           12                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          999                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.998047                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses         35422252                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses        35422252                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst      8853274                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        8853274                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst      8853274                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total         8853274                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst      8853274                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total        8853274                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst         1852                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         1852                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu0.inst         1852                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total          1852                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu0.inst         1852                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total         1852                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     24696000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     24696000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     24696000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     24696000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     24696000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     24696000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst      8855126                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8855126                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst      8855126                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total      8855126                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst      8855126                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total      8855126                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000209                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000209                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000209                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000209                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000209                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000209                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 13334.773218                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 13334.773218                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 13334.773218                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 13334.773218                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 13334.773218                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 13334.773218                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::writebacks         1744                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total             1744                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst          104                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          104                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst          104                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          104                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst          104                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          104                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst         1748                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1748                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst         1748                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1748                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst         1748                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1748                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     21701500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     21701500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     21701500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     21701500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     21701500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     21701500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000197                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000197                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000197                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000197                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000197                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000197                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 12415.045767                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12415.045767                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 12415.045767                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12415.045767                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 12415.045767                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12415.045767                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu1.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                      3779                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                        16384                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                        4704                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                      3779                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      1.244774                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks       53.856054                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst        22.881318                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     16307.262627                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.003287                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst        0.001397                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.995316                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total                   1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           22                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          228                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         2231                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        13901                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                    116787                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                   116787                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         4066                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total             4066                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks         1744                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total             1744                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu0.data                2                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total                    2                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data                 8                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                     8                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu0.inst           1741                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total               1741                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data          1551                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total              1551                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.inst                 1741                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data                 1559                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                     3300                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.inst                1741                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data                1559                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                    3300                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu0.data              2                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::total                  2                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data            3164                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                3164                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu0.inst            3                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total                3                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data          607                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total             607                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.inst                  3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data               3771                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                   3774                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.inst                 3                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data              3771                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                  3774                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    563893000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     563893000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       793000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total       793000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    110193500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total    110193500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       793000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data    674086500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total        674879500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       793000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data    674086500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total       674879500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         4066                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         4066                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks         1744                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total         1744                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu0.data            4                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total                4                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data          3172                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total              3172                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu0.inst         1744                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total           1744                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data         2158                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total          2158                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst             1744                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data             5330                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total                 7074                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst            1744                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data            5330                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total                7074                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.500000                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total        0.500000                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.997478                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.997478                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.001720                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.001720                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.281279                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.281279                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst        0.001720                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.707505                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.533503                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst       0.001720                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.707505                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.533503                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 178221.554994                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 178221.554994                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 264333.333333                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 264333.333333                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 181537.891269                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 181537.891269                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 264333.333333                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 178755.369928                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 178823.396926                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 264333.333333                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 178755.369928                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 178823.396926                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                 3243                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                      3243                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks           15                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total            15                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total             2                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         3164                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           3164                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            3                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          607                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total          607                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst             3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          3771                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total              3774                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            3                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         3771                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total             3774                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data        41000                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        41000                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    532253000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    532253000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       763000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       763000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    104123500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    104123500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       763000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    636376500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    637139500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       763000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    636376500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    637139500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.500000                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.500000                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.997478                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.997478                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.001720                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001720                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.281279                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.281279                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.001720                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.707505                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.533503                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.001720                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.707505                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.533503                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data        20500                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        20500                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 168221.554994                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 168221.554994                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 254333.333333                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 254333.333333                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 171537.891269                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 171537.891269                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 254333.333333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 168755.369928                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 168823.396926                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 254333.333333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 168755.369928                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 168823.396926                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests          7563                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests         3793                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp                610                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         3243                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict              544                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq                2                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq              3164                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp             3164                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq           610                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port        11337                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total        11337                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  11337                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       449088                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total       449088                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                  449088                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples              3776                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                    3776    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total                3776                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer4.occupancy            21461000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer4.utilization               0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           20772750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        14156                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests         7074                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests           34                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops              7                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            7                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp              3906                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         7309                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean         1744                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict            1800                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq               4                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp              4                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             3172                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp            3172                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq          1748                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         2158                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         5236                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        15998                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                 21234                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       223232                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       601344                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total                 824576                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                            3783                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                    207808                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples            10861                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.003775                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.061328                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                  10820     99.62%     99.62% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                     41      0.38%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total              10861                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy           12888000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy           2622000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy           7997000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
