
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.015267                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 15267344125                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               10671873543375                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                               59305517                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                110882314                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              144911845                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1248976                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   105.36                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  6248194833                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   11682124321                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.inst          24256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data       10038848                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total           10063104                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst        24256                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total         24256                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks      9988992                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total         9988992                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.inst             379                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data          156857                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total              157236                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks        156078                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total             156078                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.inst           1588750                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data         657537285                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             659126035                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst      1588750                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total          1588750                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks       654271753                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total            654271753                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks       654271753                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.inst          1588750                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data        657537285                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total           1313397788                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                      157236                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                     156078                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                    157236                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                   156078                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM               10063104                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                       0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                 9989056                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                10063104                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys              9988992                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                      0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0             10147                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1             10288                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2             10143                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3             10072                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4              9712                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5              9240                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6              9555                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7              9526                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8              9454                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9              9605                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10            10025                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11             9772                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12             9579                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13             9736                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14            10204                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15            10178                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0             10041                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1             10258                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2              9977                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3             10009                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4              9630                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5              9228                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6              9461                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7              9312                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8              9330                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9              9620                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10            10005                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11             9759                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12             9479                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13             9695                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14            10157                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15            10118                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   15267345000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                157236                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6               156078                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                  156127                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                     721                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                     263                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                     106                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                      16                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                     24                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                     27                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                   9650                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                   9696                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                   9729                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                   9760                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                   9752                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                   9759                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                   9761                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                   9758                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                   9764                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                   9775                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                   9773                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                   9766                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                   9768                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                   9781                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                   9770                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                   9756                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples        27400                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    731.863358                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   569.873767                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   360.156530                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127         2108      7.69%      7.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255         2307      8.42%     16.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383         1815      6.62%     22.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1733      6.32%     29.06% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639         1373      5.01%     34.07% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767         1511      5.51%     39.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1171      4.27%     43.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         1462      5.34%     49.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151        13920     50.80%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total        27400                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples         9748                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean      16.130181                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     16.078515                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev      1.657556                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4-7               4      0.04%      0.04% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::8-11             51      0.52%      0.56% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::12-15            96      0.98%      1.55% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::16-19          9453     96.97%     98.52% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::20-23           105      1.08%     99.60% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::24-27            19      0.19%     99.79% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::28-31             7      0.07%     99.87% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::32-35             1      0.01%     99.88% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::36-39             2      0.02%     99.90% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::40-43             4      0.04%     99.94% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::48-51             3      0.03%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::52-55             1      0.01%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::80-83             2      0.02%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total          9748                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples         9748                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      16.011387                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.010194                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.213847                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16             9712     99.63%     99.63% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::17                6      0.06%     99.69% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18                8      0.08%     99.77% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::19               11      0.11%     99.89% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::20                5      0.05%     99.94% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::21                4      0.04%     99.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::23                1      0.01%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::25                1      0.01%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total          9748                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                   2900076750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat              5848251750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                  786180000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     18444.10                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                37194.10                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       659.13                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                       654.28                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    659.13                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                    654.27                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                        10.26                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     5.15                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    5.11                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.01                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      26.16                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                   143600                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                  142317                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 91.33                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                91.18                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                      48728.58                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    91.26                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                 97739460                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                 51949755                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy               561796620                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy              406721520                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         752319360.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy           1519510560                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             64634400                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy      2079622200                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy       320430720                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy       1577261280                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy             7432039605                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            486.793220                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime          11766717500                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE     48375000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     318900000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF   6371614000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    834474250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    3133351625                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   4560629250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                 97882260                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                 52033245                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy               560868420                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy              408010860                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         745558320.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy           1507674510                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             68289600                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy      2079102360                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy       301641120                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy       1591566660                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy             7412813475                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            485.533922                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime          11782566500                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE     54351250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     316016000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF   6437833000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    785599875                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    3114072250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   4559471750                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups                1255302                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted          1255302                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect             7199                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups             1246899                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                   4445                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect               941                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectLookups        1246899                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectHits           1206870                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectMisses           40029                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu0.branchPredindirectMispredicted         5105                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                     351492                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                    1239782                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                          869                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                         2723                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                      52797                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                          249                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                   67                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                        30534688                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles             78255                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                       5511915                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                    1255302                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches           1211315                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                     30412368                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                  14932                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.TlbCycles                         3                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.cpu0.fetch.MiscStallCycles                 106                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles          956                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                    52653                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes                 2069                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples          30499154                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             0.364606                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            1.618235                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                28878331     94.69%     94.69% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                   40457      0.13%     94.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                   42610      0.14%     94.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                  225192      0.74%     95.70% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                   27519      0.09%     95.79% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                    9138      0.03%     95.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                    9490      0.03%     95.85% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                   25106      0.08%     95.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                 1241311      4.07%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total            30499154                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.041111                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       0.180513                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                  391013                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles             28706078                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                   641967                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles               752630                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles                  7466                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts              11051191                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles                  7466                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                  668216                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles                 284948                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles         16041                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                  1116178                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles             28406305                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts              11015026                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents                 1452                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents                 18617                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LQFullEvents                  4952                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu0.rename.SQFullEvents              28112076                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands           14033513                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups             23304237                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups        12677953                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.fp_rename_lookups           311686                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps             13748035                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                  285478                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts               148                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts           156                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                  4773645                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads              362664                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores            1248293                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads            20597                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores           15274                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                  10949284                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded                866                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                 10882476                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued             2241                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined         187109                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       272186                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           739                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     30499154                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        0.356812                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       1.225981                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           27533626     90.28%     90.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1             473641      1.55%     91.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2             527221      1.73%     93.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3             349434      1.15%     94.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4             300337      0.98%     95.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5            1002555      3.29%     98.98% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6             119489      0.39%     99.37% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7             167774      0.55%     99.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8              25077      0.08%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       30499154                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                  73117     94.17%     94.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     94.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     94.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                  433      0.56%     94.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     94.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     94.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     94.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     94.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     94.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     94.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     94.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     94.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     94.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     94.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     94.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     94.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     94.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     94.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     94.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     94.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     94.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     94.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     94.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     94.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     94.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     94.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     94.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     94.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     94.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     94.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     94.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                   851      1.10%     95.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                  234      0.30%     96.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead             2764      3.56%     99.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite             246      0.32%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass             4503      0.04%      0.04% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu              9196730     84.51%     84.55% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                 117      0.00%     84.55% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                  360      0.00%     84.56% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd              84802      0.78%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead              308020      2.83%     88.16% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite            1199800     11.03%     99.19% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead          46559      0.43%     99.62% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite         41585      0.38%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total              10882476                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          0.356397                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                      77645                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.007135                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads          51959037                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes         10926860                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     10668648                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads             384955                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            210613                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       188713                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses              10761482                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses                 194136                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads            2711                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        25600                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           61                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          227                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        14295                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           18                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked          763                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles                  7466                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles                  61581                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles               185104                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts           10950150                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts              849                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts               362664                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts             1248293                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts               381                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                   423                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents               184521                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           227                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect          1965                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         7178                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts                9143                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts             10865700                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts               351342                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts            16776                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                     1591103                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                 1225949                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                   1239761                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    0.355848                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                      10860811                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                     10857361                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                  7915425                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                 11072471                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      0.355575                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.714874                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts         187456                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.commitNonSpecStalls            127                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts             7302                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     30469019                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.353245                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.250695                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     27599093     90.58%     90.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       341905      1.12%     91.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       324528      1.07%     92.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      1085120      3.56%     96.33% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        66118      0.22%     96.55% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       665981      2.19%     98.73% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        72730      0.24%     98.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        22389      0.07%     99.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       291155      0.96%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     30469019                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts             5316829                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps              10763041                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                       1571062                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                       337064                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                         40                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                   1218573                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                    184901                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                 10664857                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls                1377                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass         2360      0.02%      0.02% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu         9106651     84.61%     84.63% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult             91      0.00%     84.63% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv             274      0.00%     84.64% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd         82603      0.77%     85.40% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     85.40% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     85.40% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.40% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.40% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     85.40% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     85.40% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.40% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     85.40% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.40% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     85.40% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     85.40% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     85.40% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     85.40% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     85.40% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.40% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.40% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.40% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     85.40% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.40% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.40% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.40% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.40% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.40% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     85.40% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.40% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.40% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.40% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead         292755      2.72%     88.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite       1193002     11.08%     99.21% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead        44309      0.41%     99.62% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite        40996      0.38%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::total         10763041                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events               291155                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                    41128361                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                   21931687                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                            328                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                          35534                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.committedInsts                    5316829                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                     10763041                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                              5.743026                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                        5.743026                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              0.174124                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        0.174124                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads                12434103                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes                8244194                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads                   291435                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_writes                  146400                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_reads                  6113248                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_writes                 5464035                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads                4050761                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements           156909                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs            1410936                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           156909                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs             8.992065                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data         1024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           95                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          825                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          104                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          6482433                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses         6482433                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data       343287                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         343287                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data      1078615                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       1078615                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data      1421902                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total         1421902                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data      1421902                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total        1421902                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data         4084                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         4084                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data       155395                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       155395                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data       159479                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total        159479                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data       159479                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total       159479                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    394748000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    394748000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  14016207996                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  14016207996                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  14410955996                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  14410955996                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  14410955996                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  14410955996                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data       347371                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       347371                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data      1234010                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1234010                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data      1581381                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1581381                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data      1581381                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1581381                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.011757                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.011757                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.125927                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.125927                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.100848                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.100848                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.100848                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.100848                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 96657.198825                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 96657.198825                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 90197.290749                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 90197.290749                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 90362.718577                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 90362.718577                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 90362.718577                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 90362.718577                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        15742                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets          190                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs              183                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              2                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    86.021858                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets           95                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       155943                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total           155943                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data         2554                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         2554                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data           14                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data         2568                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         2568                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data         2568                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         2568                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         1530                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1530                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       155381                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       155381                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       156911                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       156911                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       156911                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       156911                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    164964500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    164964500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13859814497                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  13859814497                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  14024778997                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  14024778997                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  14024778997                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  14024778997                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.004405                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004405                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.125916                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.125916                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.099224                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.099224                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.099224                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.099224                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 107819.934641                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 107819.934641                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 89198.901391                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 89198.901391                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 89380.470439                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 89380.470439                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 89380.470439                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 89380.470439                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements              695                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse         1019.886223                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs              14288                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs              695                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs            20.558273                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst  1019.886223                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.995983                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.995983                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1020                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          115                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           73                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          830                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.996094                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses           211310                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses          211310                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst        51803                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          51803                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst        51803                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total           51803                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst        51803                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total          51803                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst          850                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          850                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu0.inst          850                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total           850                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu0.inst          850                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total          850                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     55921500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     55921500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     55921500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     55921500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     55921500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     55921500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst        52653                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        52653                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst        52653                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total        52653                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst        52653                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total        52653                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.016143                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.016143                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.016143                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.016143                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.016143                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.016143                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        65790                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total        65790                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        65790                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total        65790                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        65790                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total        65790                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           13                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                2                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs     6.500000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::writebacks          695                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total              695                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst          152                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          152                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst          152                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          152                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst          152                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          152                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          698                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          698                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          698                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          698                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          698                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          698                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     46833000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     46833000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     46833000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     46833000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     46833000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     46833000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.013257                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.013257                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.013257                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.013257                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.013257                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.013257                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 67095.988539                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67095.988539                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 67095.988539                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67095.988539                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 67095.988539                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67095.988539                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu1.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                    157852                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                        16384                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                      157486                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                    157852                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      0.997681                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks       49.079056                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst        29.990169                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     16304.930775                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.002996                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst        0.001830                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.995174                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total                   1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           95                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1         1095                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         9570                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         5624                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                   2679364                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                  2679364                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks       155943                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total           155943                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks          694                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total              694                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu0.data                2                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total                    2                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data                18                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                    18                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu0.inst            317                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total                317                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data            34                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total                34                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.inst                  317                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data                   52                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                      369                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.inst                 317                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data                  52                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                     369                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data          155361                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total              155361                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu0.inst          379                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total              379                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data         1496                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total            1496                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.inst                379                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data             156857                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 157236                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.inst               379                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data            156857                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                157236                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13626500000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   13626500000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     42431500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total     42431500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    162236000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total    162236000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     42431500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13788736000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      13831167500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     42431500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13788736000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     13831167500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks       155943                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       155943                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks          694                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total          694                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu0.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total                2                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data        155379                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total            155379                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu0.inst          696                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total            696                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data         1530                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total          1530                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst              696                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data           156909                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               157605                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst             696                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data          156909                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              157605                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.999884                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.999884                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.544540                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.544540                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.977778                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.977778                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst        0.544540                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.999669                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.997659                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst       0.544540                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.999669                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.997659                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 87708.627004                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 87708.627004                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 111956.464380                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 111956.464380                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 108446.524064                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 108446.524064                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 111956.464380                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 87906.411572                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 87964.381567                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 111956.464380                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 87906.411572                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 87964.381567                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks               156078                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                    156078                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       155361                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total         155361                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          379                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total          379                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         1496                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total         1496                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst           379                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        156857                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            157236                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          379                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       156857                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           157236                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  12072890000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  12072890000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     38641500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     38641500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    147276000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    147276000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     38641500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  12220166000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  12258807500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     38641500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  12220166000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  12258807500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.999884                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999884                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.544540                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.544540                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.977778                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.977778                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.544540                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.999669                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.997659                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.544540                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.999669                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.997659                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 77708.627004                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77708.627004                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 101956.464380                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101956.464380                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 98446.524064                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98446.524064                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 101956.464380                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 77906.411572                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77964.381567                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 101956.464380                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 77906.411572                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77964.381567                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        314558                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       157338                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               1875                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       156078                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict             1244                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            155361                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           155361                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq          1875                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       471794                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total       471794                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 471794                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     20052096                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total     20052096                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                20052096                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            157236                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                  157236    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              157236                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer4.occupancy           939453000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer4.utilization               6.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy          827015250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              5.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       315213                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       157621                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests           89                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops            605                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops          605                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp              2228                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       312021                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean          695                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict            2740                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq               2                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp              2                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq           155379                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp          155379                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq           698                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         1530                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         2089                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       470731                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                472820                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        89024                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     20022528                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total               20111552                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                          157854                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                   9989120                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples           315461                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.002254                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.047421                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                 314750     99.77%     99.77% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                    711      0.23%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total             315461                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy          314244500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              2.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy           1047000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy         235364500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             1.5                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
