
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.015267                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 15267344125                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               4564935893375                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                               66579705                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                123502769                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              179709891                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1248976                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                    84.96                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  5656310018                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   10492237912                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data       12434624                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total           12434624                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks        34304                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total           34304                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data          194291                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total              194291                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks           536                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total                536                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data         814458880                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             814458880                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks         2246887                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total              2246887                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks         2246887                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data        814458880                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            816705767                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                      194290                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                        536                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                    194290                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                      536                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM               12429504                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                    5056                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                   33792                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                12434560                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys                34304                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                     79                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0             12055                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1             12011                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2             12145                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3             11984                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4             11937                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5             12122                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6             12050                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7             11983                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8             11780                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9             11928                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10            12241                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11            12202                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12            12706                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13            12338                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14            12580                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15            12149                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9                45                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10              102                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11              128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12              253                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   15267347500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                194290                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                  536                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                  146529                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                   44516                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                    3131                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                      35                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                     33                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                     33                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                     33                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                     33                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                     34                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                     34                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                     34                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                     34                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                     34                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                     34                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                     34                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                     34                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                     33                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                     33                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                     33                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                     33                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples        97280                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    128.113158                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   109.890121                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev    77.665726                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127        42606     43.80%     43.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255        43658     44.88%     88.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383         9518      9.78%     98.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1323      1.36%     99.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639          130      0.13%     99.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767           17      0.02%     99.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895            7      0.01%     99.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023            9      0.01%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           12      0.01%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total        97280                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples           33                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean    5819.727273                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean   5672.387504                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev   1282.049416                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2560-3071            1      3.03%      3.03% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::3584-4095            1      3.03%      6.06% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4096-4607            3      9.09%     15.15% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4608-5119            4     12.12%     27.27% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::5120-5631            6     18.18%     45.45% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::5632-6143            5     15.15%     60.61% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::6144-6655            4     12.12%     72.73% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::6656-7167            4     12.12%     84.85% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::7168-7679            3      9.09%     93.94% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::7680-8191            1      3.03%     96.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::8192-8703            1      3.03%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total            33                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples           33                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean             16                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.000000                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16               33    100.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total            33                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                   4736215250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat              8377671500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                  971055000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     24386.96                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                43136.96                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       814.12                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                         2.21                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    814.45                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                      2.25                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         6.38                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     6.36                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.32                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      26.05                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                    96992                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                     469                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 49.94                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                87.50                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                      78364.01                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    50.04                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                344590680                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                183154290                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy               687489180                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy                      0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         1205309040.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy           1610749890                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             24483360                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy      5201698590                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy       101377920                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy                0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy             9358852950                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            612.998101                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime          11671855500                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE      9468000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     509860000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    264159500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    3076153500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  11407703125                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                349974240                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                186023310                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy               699177360                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy                2756160                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         1205309040.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy           1636703130                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             24613920                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy      5189423070                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy        89729280                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy                0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy             9383709510                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            614.626187                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime          11613363250                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE      9672000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     509860000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    233830500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    3133571750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  11380409875                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups                1633149                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted          1633149                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect            72637                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups             1335212                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                  53971                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect              8375                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectLookups        1335212                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectHits            684158                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectMisses          651054                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu0.branchPredindirectMispredicted        26052                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                     774610                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                      63492                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                       150771                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                         1085                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                    1336309                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                         4518                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                    0                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                        30534688                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles           1370383                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                       4848443                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                    1633149                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches            738129                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                     29010499                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                 148240                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.TlbCycles                      1356                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.cpu0.fetch.MiscStallCycles                1130                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles        38074                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                  1331791                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes                 9321                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.ItlbSquashes                      3                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples          30495562                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             0.320150                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            1.427560                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                28629323     93.88%     93.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                   28556      0.09%     93.97% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                  643908      2.11%     96.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                   31237      0.10%     96.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                  132848      0.44%     96.62% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                   70885      0.23%     96.86% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                   87254      0.29%     97.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                   28666      0.09%     97.24% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                  842885      2.76%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total            30495562                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.053485                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       0.158785                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                  689596                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles             28502001                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                   917299                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles               312546                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles                 74120                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts               8026416                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles                 74120                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                  787711                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles               27244547                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles         22944                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                  1053478                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles              1312762                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts               7681749                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents                76020                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents               1008395                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LQFullEvents                249457                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu0.rename.SQFullEvents                   655                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands            9139903                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups             21231612                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups        10167469                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.fp_rename_lookups            47248                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps              3171948                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                 5967956                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts               281                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts           354                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                  1964355                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads             1357951                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores              92052                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads             3986                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores            5613                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                   7250742                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded               5301                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                  5206411                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued             5950                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined        4609816                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      9410448                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          5301                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     30495562                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        0.170727                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       0.762470                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           28403110     93.14%     93.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1             815537      2.67%     95.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2             435324      1.43%     97.24% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3             294260      0.96%     98.21% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4             311699      1.02%     99.23% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5              99392      0.33%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6              82364      0.27%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7              31502      0.10%     99.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8              22374      0.07%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       30495562                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                  12596     70.36%     70.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     70.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     70.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                 1393      7.78%     78.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     78.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     78.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     78.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     78.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     78.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     78.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     78.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     78.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     78.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     78.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     78.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     78.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     78.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     78.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     78.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     78.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     78.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     78.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     78.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     78.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     78.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     78.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     78.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     78.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     78.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     78.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                  3391     18.94%     97.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                  324      1.81%     98.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead              178      0.99%     99.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite              20      0.11%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            20161      0.39%      0.39% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu              4275915     82.13%     82.52% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                1318      0.03%     82.54% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                12036      0.23%     82.77% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd              17147      0.33%     83.10% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     83.10% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     83.10% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     83.10% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     83.10% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     83.10% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     83.10% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     83.10% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     83.10% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     83.10% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     83.10% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     83.10% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     83.10% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     83.10% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     83.10% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     83.10% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     83.10% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     83.10% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     83.10% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     83.10% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     83.10% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     83.10% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     83.10% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     83.10% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     83.10% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     83.10% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     83.10% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     83.10% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead              807987     15.52%     98.62% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite              68300      1.31%     99.93% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead           3486      0.07%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite            61      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total               5206411                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          0.170508                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                      17902                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.003438                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads          40888965                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes         11825447                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      4975107                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads              43271                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes             40416                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses        18630                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses               5181861                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses                  22291                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads            5881                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       872202                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          222                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            5                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        56727                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           51                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked         1194                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles                 74120                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles               25180114                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles               271724                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts            7256043                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts             4372                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts              1357951                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts               92052                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts              1938                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                 19164                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                69789                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             5                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         38593                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        44388                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts               82981                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts              5104046                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts               774290                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts           102365                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                      837769                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                  600699                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                     63479                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    0.167156                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                       5013761                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                      4993737                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                  3685319                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                  5835847                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      0.163543                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.631497                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts        4610441                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts            74117                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     29836232                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.088692                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     0.558647                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     28714012     96.24%     96.24% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       509763      1.71%     97.95% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       124359      0.42%     98.36% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       329774      1.11%     99.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        62445      0.21%     99.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        32671      0.11%     99.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         7721      0.03%     99.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         4933      0.02%     99.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        50554      0.17%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     29836232                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts             1324032                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps               2646227                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                        521074                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                       485749                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                    464855                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                     14052                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                  2632018                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls                6225                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass         4213      0.16%      0.16% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu         2098538     79.30%     79.46% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult            249      0.01%     79.47% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv           10129      0.38%     79.85% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd         12024      0.45%     80.31% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     80.31% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     80.31% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     80.31% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.31% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     80.31% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     80.31% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     80.31% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     80.31% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     80.31% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     80.31% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     80.31% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     80.31% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     80.31% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     80.31% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.31% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     80.31% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     80.31% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     80.31% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     80.31% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     80.31% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     80.31% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     80.31% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     80.31% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     80.31% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     80.31% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.31% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     80.31% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead         483721     18.28%     98.59% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite         35325      1.33%     99.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead         2028      0.08%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::total          2646227                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events                50554                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                    37042346                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                   15174582                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                            295                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                          39126                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.committedInsts                    1324032                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                      2646227                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                             23.061896                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                       23.061896                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              0.043362                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        0.043362                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads                 5194193                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes                4337927                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads                    33061                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_writes                   16481                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_reads                  3124263                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_writes                 1370809                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads                2647175                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements           243053                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs             368502                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           243053                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs             1.516138                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data         1024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          133                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          769                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          122                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          3438561                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses         3438561                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data       328331                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         328331                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data        34354                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         34354                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data       362685                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total          362685                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data       362685                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total         362685                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data       435221                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       435221                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data          971                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          971                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data       436192                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total        436192                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data       436192                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total       436192                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  34961334000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  34961334000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     44447498                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     44447498                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  35005781498                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  35005781498                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  35005781498                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  35005781498                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data       763552                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       763552                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data        35325                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        35325                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data       798877                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total       798877                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data       798877                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total       798877                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.569995                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.569995                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.027488                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.027488                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.546006                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.546006                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.546006                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.546006                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 80330.071389                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 80330.071389                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 45774.972194                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 45774.972194                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 80253.148838                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 80253.148838                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 80253.148838                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 80253.148838                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        20977                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs              877                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    23.919042                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         2277                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total             2277                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       193132                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       193132                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       193138                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       193138                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       193138                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       193138                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       242089                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       242089                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          965                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          965                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       243054                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       243054                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       243054                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       243054                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19264741500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  19264741500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     43122498                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     43122498                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19307863998                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  19307863998                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19307863998                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  19307863998                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.317056                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.317056                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.027318                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.027318                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.304245                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.304245                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.304245                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.304245                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 79577.103875                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79577.103875                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 44686.526425                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 44686.526425                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 79438.577427                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79438.577427                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 79438.577427                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79438.577427                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse                1021                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst         1021                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.997070                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.997070                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1021                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         1021                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.997070                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses          5327164                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses         5327164                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst      1331791                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        1331791                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst      1331791                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total         1331791                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst      1331791                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total        1331791                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst      1331791                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1331791                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst      1331791                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total      1331791                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst      1331791                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total      1331791                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu1.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                    194297                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                        16384                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                      285185                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                    194297                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      1.467779                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks       12.936684                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     16371.063316                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.000790                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.999210                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total                   1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          131                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1         1171                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2        10032                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         5021                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           29                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                   4080889                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                  4080889                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         2277                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total             2277                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data               625                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                   625                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data         48139                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total             48139                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data                48764                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                    48764                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data               48764                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                   48764                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data             340                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                 340                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data       193950                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total          193950                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data             194290                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 194290                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data            194290                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                194290                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     34814000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      34814000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18367239000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total  18367239000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18402053000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      18402053000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18402053000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     18402053000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         2277                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         2277                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data           965                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total               965                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data       242089                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        242089                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data           243054                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               243054                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data          243054                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              243054                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.352332                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.352332                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.801152                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.801152                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.799370                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.799370                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.799370                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.799370                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 102394.117647                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 102394.117647                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94700.897138                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 94700.897138                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94714.359977                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 94714.359977                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94714.359977                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 94714.359977                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                  536                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                       536                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          340                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            340                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       193950                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total       193950                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        194290                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            194290                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       194290                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           194290                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     31414000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     31414000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16427749000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  16427749000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16459163000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  16459163000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16459163000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  16459163000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.352332                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.352332                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.801152                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.801152                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.799370                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.799370                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.799370                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.799370                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 92394.117647                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 92394.117647                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84700.948698                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84700.948698                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84714.411447                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84714.411447                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84714.411447                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84714.411447                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        388576                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       194289                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             193949                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          536                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict           193750                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq               340                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp              340                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        193950                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       582865                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total       582865                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 582865                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     12468800                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total     12468800                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                12468800                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            194290                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                  194290    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              194290                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer4.occupancy           457956000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer4.utilization               3.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         1050215000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              6.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       486107                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       243052                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests          551                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops             11                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops           10                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            1                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp            242088                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         2813                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict          434537                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq              965                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp             965                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       242089                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       729160                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                729160                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     15701120                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total               15701120                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                          194297                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                     34304                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples           437351                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.001285                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.035888                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                 436790     99.87%     99.87% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                    560      0.13%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      1      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total             437351                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy          245330500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              1.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy         364579500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             2.4                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
