
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.015267                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 15267344125                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               10809279640500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                               60593759                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                113365899                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              146888443                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1248976                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   103.94                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  6298013903                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   11783063903                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.inst          19264                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data       10036800                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total           10056064                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst        19264                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total         19264                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks      9959104                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total         9959104                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.inst             301                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data          156825                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total              157126                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks        155611                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total             155611                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.inst           1261778                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data         657403142                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             658664920                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst      1261778                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total          1261778                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks       652314110                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total            652314110                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks       652314110                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.inst          1261778                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data        657403142                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total           1310979031                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                      157127                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                     155611                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                    157127                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                   155611                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM               10056128                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                       0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                 9958848                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                10056128                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys              9959104                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                      0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0             10141                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1             10283                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2             10181                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3             10068                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4              9746                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5              9364                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6              9591                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7              9608                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8              9540                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9              9580                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10             9884                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11             9687                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12             9546                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13             9655                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14            10107                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15            10146                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0             10034                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1             10235                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2              9962                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3             10002                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4              9634                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5              9334                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6              9459                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7              9355                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8              9385                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9              9560                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10             9841                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11             9664                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12             9417                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13             9606                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14            10050                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15            10069                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   15267341000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                157127                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6               155611                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                  156220                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                     595                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                     207                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                      86                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                      15                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                     16                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                     21                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                   9640                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                   9672                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                   9706                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                   9724                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                   9730                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                   9730                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                   9734                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                   9726                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                   9738                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                   9731                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                   9740                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                   9736                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                   9744                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                   9746                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                   9741                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                   9728                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples        27376                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    731.102279                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   571.097298                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   359.584875                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127         1942      7.09%      7.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255         2466      9.01%     16.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383         1994      7.28%     23.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1480      5.41%     28.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639         1460      5.33%     34.12% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767         1370      5.00%     39.13% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1381      5.04%     44.17% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         1516      5.54%     49.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151        13767     50.29%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total        27376                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples         9720                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean      16.164815                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     16.113731                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev      1.619918                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4-7               6      0.06%      0.06% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::8-11             27      0.28%      0.34% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::12-15            96      0.99%      1.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::16-19          9419     96.90%     98.23% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::20-23           130      1.34%     99.57% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::24-27            23      0.24%     99.80% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::28-31             6      0.06%     99.87% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::32-35             1      0.01%     99.88% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::36-39             3      0.03%     99.91% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::40-43             2      0.02%     99.93% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::44-47             1      0.01%     99.94% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::48-51             3      0.03%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::52-55             1      0.01%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::72-75             2      0.02%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total          9720                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples         9720                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      16.008951                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.008039                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.184886                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16             9694     99.73%     99.73% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::17                1      0.01%     99.74% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18                6      0.06%     99.80% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::19               10      0.10%     99.91% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::20                2      0.02%     99.93% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::21                6      0.06%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::22                1      0.01%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total          9720                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                   2894410500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat              5840541750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                  785635000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     18420.83                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                37170.83                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       658.67                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                       652.30                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    658.67                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                    652.31                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                        10.24                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     5.15                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    5.10                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.01                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      26.15                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                   143567                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                  141791                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 91.37                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                91.12                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                      48818.31                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    91.25                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                 98146440                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                 52162275                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy               563931480                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy              407238300                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         750475440.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy           1516829850                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             62014080                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy      2079791490                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy       319941600                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy       1579974240                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy             7430609655                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            486.699559                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime          11779222125                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE     41717250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     318018000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF   6385105875                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    833195000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    3128386750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   4560921250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                 97318200                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                 51729645                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy               557955300                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy              405030240                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         744943680.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy           1510711470                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             65699040                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy      2067791850                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy       312492480                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy       1590758160                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy             7404700695                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            485.002541                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime          11758276375                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE     50888250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     315660000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF   6434276500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    813737000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    3118095250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   4534687125                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups                1244017                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted          1244017                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect             5835                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups             1237235                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                   3425                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect               733                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectLookups        1237235                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectHits           1205162                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectMisses           32073                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu0.branchPredindirectMispredicted         3999                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                     346085                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                    1232168                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                          695                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                         2642                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                      46731                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                          189                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                   50                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                        30534689                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles             68301                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                       5459637                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                    1244017                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches           1208587                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                     30435341                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                  12144                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.TlbCycles                         3                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.cpu0.fetch.MiscStallCycles                 104                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles          772                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                    46620                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes                 1723                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples          30510593                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             0.361095                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            1.610376                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                28914173     94.77%     94.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                   30902      0.10%     94.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                   33681      0.11%     94.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                  224058      0.73%     95.71% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                   26553      0.09%     95.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                   16692      0.05%     95.86% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                   17245      0.06%     95.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                   24661      0.08%     95.99% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                 1222628      4.01%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total            30510593                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.040741                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       0.178801                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                  379561                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles             28742993                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                   635467                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles               746500                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles                  6072                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts              10960538                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles                  6072                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                  658496                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles                 233363                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles         11465                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                  1101990                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles             28499207                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts              10931009                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents                 1260                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents                 17921                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LQFullEvents                  4596                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu0.rename.SQFullEvents              28202965                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands           13944788                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups             23095438                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups        12553121                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.fp_rename_lookups           305963                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps             13711274                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                  233554                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts               107                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts           111                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                  4776761                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads              355033                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores            1239134                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads            20252                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores           19104                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                  10878292                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded                689                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                 10824067                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued             1744                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined         151580                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       220238                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           579                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     30510593                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        0.354764                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       1.221490                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           27561337     90.33%     90.33% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1             467369      1.53%     91.87% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2             501403      1.64%     93.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3             374114      1.23%     94.74% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4             320434      1.05%     95.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5             987706      3.24%     99.02% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6             117494      0.39%     99.41% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7             139568      0.46%     99.87% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8              41168      0.13%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       30510593                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                  47081     91.56%     91.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     91.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     91.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                  422      0.82%     92.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     92.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     92.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     92.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     92.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     92.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     92.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     92.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     92.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     92.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     92.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     92.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     92.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     92.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     92.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     92.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     92.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     92.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     92.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     92.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     92.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     92.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     92.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     92.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     92.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     92.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     92.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     92.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                   817      1.59%     93.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                  173      0.34%     94.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead             2743      5.33%     99.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite             184      0.36%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass             4077      0.04%      0.04% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu              9153791     84.57%     84.61% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                  81      0.00%     84.61% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                  262      0.00%     84.61% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd              83955      0.78%     85.39% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     85.39% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     85.39% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     85.39% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     85.39% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     85.39% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     85.39% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     85.39% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     85.39% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     85.39% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     85.39% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     85.39% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     85.39% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     85.39% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     85.39% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     85.39% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     85.39% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     85.39% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     85.39% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     85.39% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     85.39% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     85.39% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     85.39% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     85.39% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     85.39% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     85.39% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.39% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     85.39% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead              302214      2.79%     88.18% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite            1195269     11.04%     99.22% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead          46307      0.43%     99.65% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite         38111      0.35%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total              10824067                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          0.354484                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                      51420                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.004751                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads          51836288                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes         10825384                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     10619488                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads             375608                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            205364                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       184232                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses              10681994                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses                 189416                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads            2019                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        21058                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           47                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          197                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        11432                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           19                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked          658                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles                  6072                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles                  52821                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles               143569                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts           10878981                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts              752                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts               355033                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts             1239134                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts               296                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                   400                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents               142986                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           197                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect          1720                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         5553                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts                7273                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts             10810624                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts               345934                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts            13448                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                     1578082                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                 1220742                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                   1232148                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    0.354044                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                      10806498                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                     10803720                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                  7887329                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                 11020094                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      0.353818                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.715722                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts         151834                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.commitNonSpecStalls            110                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts             5929                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     30486181                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.351878                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.246833                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     27610301     90.57%     90.57% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       360628      1.18%     91.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       315663      1.04%     92.78% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      1085192      3.56%     96.34% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        71929      0.24%     96.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       668655      2.19%     98.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        55565      0.18%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        30474      0.10%     99.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       287774      0.94%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     30486181                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts             5298640                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps              10727421                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                       1561679                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                       333975                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                         40                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                   1214813                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                    180778                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                 10629986                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls                1044                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass         2233      0.02%      0.02% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu         9081225     84.65%     84.68% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult             66      0.00%     84.68% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv             220      0.00%     84.68% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd         81998      0.76%     85.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     85.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     85.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     85.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     85.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     85.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     85.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     85.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     85.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     85.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     85.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     85.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     85.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead         289791      2.70%     88.14% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite       1190026     11.09%     99.24% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead        44184      0.41%     99.65% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite        37678      0.35%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::total         10727421                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events               287774                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                    41077662                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                   21783356                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                            245                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                          24096                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.committedInsts                    5298640                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                     10727421                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                              5.762741                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                        5.762741                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              0.173529                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        0.173529                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads                12358506                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes                8204029                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads                   286215                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_writes                  145389                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_reads                  6090743                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_writes                 5449310                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads                4025957                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements           156883                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs            1422398                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           156883                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs             9.066617                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data         1024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          107                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          917                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          6439335                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses         6439335                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data       339362                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         339362                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data      1072113                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       1072113                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data      1411475                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total         1411475                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data      1411475                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total        1411475                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data         3540                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         3540                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data       155598                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       155598                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data       159138                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total        159138                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data       159138                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total       159138                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    335144000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    335144000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  14044086998                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  14044086998                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  14379230998                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  14379230998                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  14379230998                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  14379230998                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data       342902                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       342902                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data      1227711                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1227711                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data      1570613                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1570613                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data      1570613                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1570613                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.010324                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010324                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.126738                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.126738                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.101322                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.101322                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.101322                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.101322                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94673.446328                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 94673.446328                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 90258.788661                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 90258.788661                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 90356.992032                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 90356.992032                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 90356.992032                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 90356.992032                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        15290                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets          190                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs              171                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              2                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    89.415205                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets           95                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       155943                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total           155943                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data         2242                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         2242                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data           10                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data         2252                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         2252                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data         2252                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         2252                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         1298                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1298                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       155588                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       155588                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       156886                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       156886                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       156886                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       156886                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    137739000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    137739000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13887652499                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  13887652499                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  14025391499                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  14025391499                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  14025391499                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  14025391499                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.003785                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003785                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.126730                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.126730                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.099888                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.099888                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.099888                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.099888                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 106116.332820                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106116.332820                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 89259.149157                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 89259.149157                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 89398.617461                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 89398.617461                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 89398.617461                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 89398.617461                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements              566                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse         1019.999624                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs              13318                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs              566                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs            23.530035                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst  1019.999624                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.996093                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.996093                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1020                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          193                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          827                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.996094                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses           187048                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses          187048                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst        45922                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          45922                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst        45922                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total           45922                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst        45922                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total          45922                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst          698                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          698                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu0.inst          698                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total           698                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu0.inst          698                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total          698                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     43558000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     43558000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     43558000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     43558000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     43558000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     43558000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst        46620                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        46620                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst        46620                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total        46620                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst        46620                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total        46620                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.014972                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.014972                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.014972                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.014972                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.014972                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.014972                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 62404.011461                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 62404.011461                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 62404.011461                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 62404.011461                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 62404.011461                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 62404.011461                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           21                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           21                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::writebacks          566                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total              566                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst          130                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          130                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst          130                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          130                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst          130                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          130                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          568                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          568                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          568                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          568                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          568                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          568                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     36252500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     36252500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     36252500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     36252500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     36252500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     36252500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.012184                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.012184                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.012184                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.012184                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.012184                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.012184                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 63824.823944                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 63824.823944                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 63824.823944                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 63824.823944                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 63824.823944                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 63824.823944                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu1.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                    157624                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                        16384                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                      157148                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                    157624                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      0.996980                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks       52.724688                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst        31.239233                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     16300.036079                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.003218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst        0.001907                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.994875                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total                   1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          107                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          958                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         9564                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         5755                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                   2676664                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                  2676664                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks       155943                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total           155943                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks          565                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total              565                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu0.data                2                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total                    2                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data                19                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                    19                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu0.inst            265                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total                265                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data            39                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total                39                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.inst                  265                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data                   58                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                      323                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.inst                 265                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data                  58                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                     323                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data          155567                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total              155567                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu0.inst          301                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total              301                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data         1259                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total            1259                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.inst                301                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data             156826                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 157127                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.inst               301                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data            156826                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                157127                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13654030500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   13654030500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     32600500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total     32600500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    135323000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total    135323000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     32600500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13789353500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      13821954000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     32600500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13789353500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     13821954000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks       155943                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       155943                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks          565                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total          565                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu0.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total                2                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data        155586                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total            155586                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu0.inst          566                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total            566                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data         1298                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total          1298                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst              566                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data           156884                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               157450                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst             566                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data          156884                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              157450                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.999878                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.999878                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.531802                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.531802                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.969954                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.969954                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst        0.531802                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.999630                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.997949                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst       0.531802                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.999630                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.997949                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 87769.453033                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 87769.453033                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 108307.308970                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 108307.308970                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 107484.511517                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 107484.511517                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 108307.308970                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 87927.725632                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 87966.765737                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 108307.308970                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 87927.725632                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 87966.765737                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks               155611                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                    155611                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       155567                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total         155567                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          301                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total          301                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         1259                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total         1259                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst           301                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        156826                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            157127                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          301                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       156826                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           157127                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  12098370500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  12098370500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     29590500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     29590500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    122733000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    122733000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     29590500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  12221103500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  12250694000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     29590500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  12221103500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  12250694000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.999878                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999878                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.531802                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.531802                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.969954                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.969954                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.531802                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.999630                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.997949                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.531802                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.999630                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.997949                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 77769.517314                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77769.517314                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 98307.308970                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98307.308970                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 97484.511517                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 97484.511517                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 98307.308970                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 77927.789397                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77966.829380                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 98307.308970                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 77927.789397                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77966.829380                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        314127                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       157012                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               1560                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       155611                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict             1389                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            155567                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           155566                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq          1560                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       471253                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total       471253                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 471253                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     20015168                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total     20015168                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                20015168                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            157127                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                  157127    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              157127                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer4.occupancy           941284500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer4.utilization               6.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy          826565250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              5.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       314903                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       157449                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests           87                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops            711                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops          711                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp              1866                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       311554                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean          566                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict            2953                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq               2                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp              2                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq           155586                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp          155585                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq           568                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         1298                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         1700                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       470654                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                472354                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        72448                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     20020864                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total               20093312                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                          157626                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                   9959232                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples           315078                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.002533                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.050262                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                 314280     99.75%     99.75% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                    798      0.25%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total             315078                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy          313960500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              2.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy            852000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy         235325999                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             1.5                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
