
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.015267                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 15267344125                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               3648895245875                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                               60545824                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                112184574                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              165815811                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1248976                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                    92.07                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  5574700542                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   10329293624                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data       12142912                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total           12142912                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks        45376                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total           45376                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data          189733                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total              189733                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks           709                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total                709                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data         795351955                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             795351955                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks         2972095                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total              2972095                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks         2972095                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data        795351955                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            798324050                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                      189734                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                        709                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                    189734                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                      709                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM               12137216                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                    5760                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                   46080                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                12142976                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys                45376                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                     90                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     1                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0             11821                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1             12179                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2             11907                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3             11949                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4             12064                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5             11805                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6             11581                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7             11348                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8             11153                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9             11502                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10            11143                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11            11725                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12            12748                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13            12452                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14            12351                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15            11916                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1                22                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2                41                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3               128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4               128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5               128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6                22                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8                43                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12              208                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   15267389500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                189734                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                  709                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                  143793                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                   42868                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                    2928                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                      55                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                     45                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                     45                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                     44                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                     44                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                     44                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                     44                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                     44                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                     44                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                     44                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                     44                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                     44                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                     44                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                     44                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                     44                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                     45                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                     45                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples        97536                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    124.915354                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   107.366033                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev    75.962646                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127        44504     45.63%     45.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255        42821     43.90%     89.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383         8910      9.14%     98.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1133      1.16%     99.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639          124      0.13%     99.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767           16      0.02%     99.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895            4      0.00%     99.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           10      0.01%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           14      0.01%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total        97536                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples           45                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean    4286.288889                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean   4202.682088                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    848.727888                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2560-2815            2      4.44%      4.44% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2816-3071            1      2.22%      6.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::3072-3327            4      8.89%     15.56% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::3328-3583            4      8.89%     24.44% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::3584-3839            2      4.44%     28.89% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::3840-4095            6     13.33%     42.22% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4096-4351            5     11.11%     53.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4352-4607            3      6.67%     60.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4608-4863            9     20.00%     80.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4864-5119            3      6.67%     86.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::5120-5375            2      4.44%     91.11% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::5376-5631            2      4.44%     95.56% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::5888-6143            1      2.22%     97.78% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::6144-6399            1      2.22%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total            45                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples           45                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean             16                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.000000                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16               45    100.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total            45                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                   4668224500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat              8224049500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                  948220000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     24615.72                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                43365.72                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       794.98                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                         3.02                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    795.36                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                      2.97                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         6.23                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     6.21                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.31                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      25.56                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                    92205                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                     624                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 48.62                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                88.14                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                      80167.76                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    48.77                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                347903640                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                184922760                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy               675822420                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy                2448180                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         1205309040.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy           1606368870                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             24770400                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy      5212254990                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy        95890560                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy                0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy             9355690860                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            612.790986                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime          11680398750                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE      9846000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     509860000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    249885500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    3067239375                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  11430513250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                348489120                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                185226360                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy               678228600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy                1310220                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         1205309040.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy           1608950970                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             24588960                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy      5207680740                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy        97749600                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy                0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy             9357533610                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            612.911685                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime          11673351500                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE      9546000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     509860000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    254215750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    3074288000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  11419434375                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups                1764004                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted          1764004                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect            83433                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups             1420507                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                  63499                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect              9433                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectLookups        1420507                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectHits            727845                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectMisses          692662                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu0.branchPredindirectMispredicted        32496                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                     855627                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                      85123                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                       163802                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                         1533                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                    1414661                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                         5379                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                    0                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                        30534688                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles           1454222                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                       5339619                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                    1764004                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches            791344                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                     28911861                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                 170400                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.TlbCycles                      1468                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.cpu0.fetch.MiscStallCycles                1274                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles        42732                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                  1409282                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes                12043                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.ItlbSquashes                      9                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples          30496757                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             0.352947                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            1.498609                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                28464230     93.34%     93.34% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                   33803      0.11%     93.45% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                  666394      2.19%     95.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                   40273      0.13%     95.76% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                  145102      0.48%     96.24% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                   83567      0.27%     96.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                   97596      0.32%     96.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                   33820      0.11%     96.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                  931972      3.06%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total            30496757                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.057770                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       0.174871                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                  755882                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles             28292264                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                  1029097                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles               334314                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles                 85200                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts               8934968                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles                 85200                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                  866421                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles               26983418                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles         30780                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                  1171965                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles              1358973                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts               8542645                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents                74295                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents               1057574                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LQFullEvents                243782                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu0.rename.SQFullEvents                   744                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands           10160243                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups             23472582                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups        11421755                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.fp_rename_lookups            59577                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps              3615446                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                 6544774                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts               353                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts           447                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                  2063498                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads             1463331                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores             124153                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads             6603                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores            6724                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                   8023806                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded               7419                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                  5845394                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued             8739                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined        5020008                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     10003341                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          7419                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     30496757                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        0.191673                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       0.816217                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           28199575     92.47%     92.47% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1             876239      2.87%     95.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2             472100      1.55%     96.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3             323869      1.06%     97.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4             335937      1.10%     99.05% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5             120979      0.40%     99.45% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6              99702      0.33%     99.78% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7              40355      0.13%     99.91% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8              28001      0.09%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       30496757                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                  17766     72.02%     72.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     72.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     72.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                 1858      7.53%     79.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     79.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     79.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     79.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     79.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     79.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     79.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     79.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     79.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     79.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     79.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     79.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     79.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     79.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     79.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     79.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     79.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     79.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     79.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     79.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     79.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     79.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     79.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     79.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     79.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     79.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     79.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                  4396     17.82%     97.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                  440      1.78%     99.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead              177      0.72%     99.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite              31      0.13%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            24551      0.42%      0.42% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu              4787992     81.91%     82.33% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                2073      0.04%     82.37% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                16720      0.29%     82.65% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd              22906      0.39%     83.04% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     83.04% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     83.04% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     83.04% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     83.04% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     83.04% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     83.04% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     83.04% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     83.04% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     83.04% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     83.04% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     83.04% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     83.04% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     83.04% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     83.04% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     83.04% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     83.04% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     83.04% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     83.04% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     83.04% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     83.04% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     83.04% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     83.04% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     83.04% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     83.04% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     83.04% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     83.04% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     83.04% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead              895102     15.31%     98.36% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite              91683      1.57%     99.93% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead           4296      0.07%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite            71      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total               5845394                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          0.191435                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                      24668                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.004220                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads          42163990                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes         13002895                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      5571774                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads              56959                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes             48344                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses        25029                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses               5816168                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses                  29343                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads            8017                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       927422                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          247                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            6                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        74351                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           86                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked         1289                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles                 85200                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles               24771553                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles               267126                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts            8031225                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts             5416                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts              1463331                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts              124153                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts              2710                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                 21233                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                58819                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             6                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         41990                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        54556                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts               96546                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts              5720696                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts               855189                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts           124695                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                      940286                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                  673652                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                     85097                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    0.187351                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                       5622213                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                      5596803                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                  4122878                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                  6605883                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      0.183293                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.624122                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts        5020666                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts            85196                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     29774182                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.101135                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     0.607713                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     28532462     95.83%     95.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       551299      1.85%     97.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       142286      0.48%     98.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       358495      1.20%     99.36% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        68448      0.23%     99.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        39238      0.13%     99.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         9538      0.03%     99.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         6694      0.02%     99.78% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        65722      0.22%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     29774182                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts             1508234                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps               3011200                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                        585711                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                       535909                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                    514404                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                     19836                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                  2991222                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls                8775                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass         5878      0.20%      0.20% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu         2388257     79.31%     79.51% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult            351      0.01%     79.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv           14035      0.47%     79.99% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd         16968      0.56%     80.55% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     80.55% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     80.55% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     80.55% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.55% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     80.55% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     80.55% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     80.55% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     80.55% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     80.55% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     80.55% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     80.55% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     80.55% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     80.55% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     80.55% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.55% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     80.55% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     80.55% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     80.55% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     80.55% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     80.55% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     80.55% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     80.55% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     80.55% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     80.55% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     80.55% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.55% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     80.55% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead         533041     17.70%     98.25% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite         49802      1.65%     99.90% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead         2868      0.10%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::total          3011200                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events                65722                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                    37740326                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                   16789033                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                            313                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                          37931                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.committedInsts                    1508234                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                      3011200                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                             20.245325                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                       20.245325                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              0.049394                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        0.049394                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads                 5988334                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes                4851681                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads                    44195                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_writes                   22056                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_reads                  3506803                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_writes                 1569753                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads                2919117                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements           258202                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs             432173                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           258202                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs             1.673779                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data         1024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          325                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          604                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           95                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          3821430                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses         3821430                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data       382220                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         382220                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data        48737                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         48737                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data       430957                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total          430957                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data       430957                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total         430957                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data       458785                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       458785                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data         1065                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         1065                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data       459850                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total        459850                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data       459850                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total       459850                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  34521492500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  34521492500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     58463000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     58463000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  34579955500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  34579955500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  34579955500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  34579955500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data       841005                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       841005                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data        49802                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        49802                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data       890807                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total       890807                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data       890807                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total       890807                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.545520                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.545520                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.021385                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.021385                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.516217                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.516217                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.516217                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.516217                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 75245.469011                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 75245.469011                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 54894.835681                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 54894.835681                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 75198.337501                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 75198.337501                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 75198.337501                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 75198.337501                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        28043                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs             1083                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    25.893813                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         2531                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total             2531                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       201639                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       201639                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data            7                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       201646                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       201646                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       201646                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       201646                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       257146                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       257146                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         1058                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         1058                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       258204                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       258204                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       258204                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       258204                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19094819000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  19094819000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     57024000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     57024000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19151843000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  19151843000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19151843000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  19151843000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.305760                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.305760                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.021244                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.021244                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.289854                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.289854                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.289854                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.289854                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 74256.721862                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 74256.721862                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 53897.920605                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 53897.920605                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 74173.300956                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 74173.300956                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 74173.300956                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 74173.300956                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse                1021                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst         1021                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.997070                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.997070                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1021                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         1021                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.997070                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses          5637128                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses         5637128                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst      1409282                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        1409282                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst      1409282                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total         1409282                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst      1409282                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total        1409282                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst      1409282                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1409282                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst      1409282                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total      1409282                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst      1409282                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total      1409282                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu1.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                    189747                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                        16384                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                      324291                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                    189747                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      1.709070                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks       12.857246                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     16371.142754                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.000785                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.999215                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total                   1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           88                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1         1125                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2        10686                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         4459                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           26                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                   4318587                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                  4318587                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         2531                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total             2531                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data               586                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                   586                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data         67884                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total             67884                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data                68470                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                    68470                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data               68470                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                   68470                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data             472                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                 472                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data       189262                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total          189262                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data             189734                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 189734                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data            189734                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                189734                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     49033500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      49033500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  17963203000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total  17963203000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18012236500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      18012236500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18012236500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     18012236500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         2531                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         2531                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data          1058                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total              1058                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data       257146                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        257146                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data           258204                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               258204                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data          258204                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              258204                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.446125                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.446125                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.736010                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.736010                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.734822                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.734822                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.734822                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.734822                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 103884.533898                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 103884.533898                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94911.831218                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 94911.831218                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94934.152550                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 94934.152550                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94934.152550                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 94934.152550                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                  709                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                       709                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks            5                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total             5                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          472                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            472                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       189262                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total       189262                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        189734                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            189734                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       189734                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           189734                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     44313500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     44313500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16070603000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  16070603000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16114916500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  16114916500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16114916500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  16114916500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.446125                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.446125                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.736010                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.736010                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.734822                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.734822                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.734822                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.734822                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 93884.533898                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 93884.533898                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84911.936892                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84911.936892                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84934.257961                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84934.257961                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84934.257961                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84934.257961                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        379461                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       189732                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             189260                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          709                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict           189018                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq               472                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp              472                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        189262                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       569193                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total       569193                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 569193                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     12188224                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total     12188224                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                12188224                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            189734                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                  189734    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              189734                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer4.occupancy           447597000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer4.utilization               2.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         1026946250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              6.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       516406                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       258202                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests          530                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops             26                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops           23                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            3                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp            257144                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         3240                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict          444709                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             1058                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp            1058                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       257146                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       774608                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                774608                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     16686912                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total               16686912                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                          189747                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                     45376                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples           447951                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.001248                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.035493                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                 447395     99.88%     99.88% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                    553      0.12%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      3      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total             447951                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy          260734000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              1.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy         387303000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             2.5                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
