
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.015267                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 15267344125                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               10580269478625                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                               59880457                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                111906691                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              147100491                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1248976                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   103.79                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  6214902883                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   11614629407                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.inst          20800                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data       10039872                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total           10060672                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst        20800                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total         20800                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks      9960896                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total         9960896                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.inst             325                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data          156873                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total              157198                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks        155639                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total             155639                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.inst           1362385                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data         657604356                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             658966741                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst      1362385                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total          1362385                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks       652431485                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total            652431485                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks       652431485                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.inst          1362385                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data        657604356                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total           1311398226                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                      157197                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                     155639                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                    157197                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                   155639                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM               10060608                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                       0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                 9960640                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                10060608                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys              9960896                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                      0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0             10015                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1             10156                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2             10130                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3             10068                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4              9746                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5              9366                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6              9591                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7              9614                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8              9620                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9              9712                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10            10014                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11             9816                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12             9627                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13             9657                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14            10046                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15            10019                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0              9909                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1             10108                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2              9926                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3             10002                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4              9633                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5              9331                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6              9460                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7              9356                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8              9481                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9              9690                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10             9966                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11             9791                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12             9478                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13             9605                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14             9958                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15             9941                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   15267316000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                157197                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6               155639                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                  156279                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                     603                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                     217                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                      86                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                      12                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                     20                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                     21                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                   9642                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                   9688                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                   9703                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                   9720                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                   9730                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                   9733                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                   9732                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                   9740                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                   9729                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                   9732                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                   9746                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                   9735                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                   9748                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                   9746                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                   9735                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                   9729                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples        27399                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    730.719807                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   576.253334                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   354.469501                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127         1933      7.06%      7.06% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255         2220      8.10%     15.16% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383         1714      6.26%     21.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1929      7.04%     28.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639         1948      7.11%     35.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767         1404      5.12%     40.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1211      4.42%     45.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         1295      4.73%     49.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151        13745     50.17%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total        27399                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples         9722                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean      16.168792                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     16.115635                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev      1.660645                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4-7               5      0.05%      0.05% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::8-11             42      0.43%      0.48% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::12-15            78      0.80%      1.29% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::16-19          9418     96.87%     98.16% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::20-23           133      1.37%     99.53% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::24-27            28      0.29%     99.81% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::28-31             6      0.06%     99.88% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::32-35             2      0.02%     99.90% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::36-39             1      0.01%     99.91% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::44-47             3      0.03%     99.94% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::48-51             3      0.03%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::60-63             1      0.01%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::72-75             1      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::76-79             1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total          9722                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples         9722                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      16.008537                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.007643                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.184886                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16             9695     99.72%     99.72% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::17                4      0.04%     99.76% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18                8      0.08%     99.85% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::19                7      0.07%     99.92% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::20                4      0.04%     99.96% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::22                2      0.02%     99.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::23                2      0.02%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total          9722                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                   2890776750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat              5838220500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                  785985000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     18389.52                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                37139.52                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       658.96                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                       652.41                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    658.96                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                    652.43                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                        10.25                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     5.15                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    5.10                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.01                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      26.15                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                   143697                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                  141736                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 91.41                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                91.07                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                      48802.94                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    91.24                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                 98139300                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                 52162275                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy               561818040                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy              405724500                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         749246160.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy           1504253940                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             63896640                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy      2069614140                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy       334167360                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy       1581881940                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy             7420937505                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            486.066040                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime          11758062250                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE     46114250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     317552000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF   6393215625                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    870229250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    3101614500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   4538618500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                 97489560                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                 51816930                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy               560568540                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy              406690200                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         747402240.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy           1509827400                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             64620960                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy      2076710070                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy       316053120                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy       1584978060                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy             7416168630                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            485.753682                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime          11787994250                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE     46838250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     316748000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF   6410750750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    823092250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    3115740750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   4554174125                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups                1243498                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted          1243498                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect             5861                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups             1236069                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                   3343                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect               718                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectLookups        1236069                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectHits           1203734                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectMisses           32335                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu0.branchPredindirectMispredicted         4188                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                     346230                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                    1231389                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                          739                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                         2609                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                      46753                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                          304                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                   50                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                        30534688                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles             67069                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                       5458878                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                    1243498                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches           1207077                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                     30431514                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                  12380                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.TlbCycles                         3                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.cpu0.fetch.MiscStallCycles                 193                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles         1383                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                    46541                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes                 1769                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples          30506352                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             0.361027                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            1.610949                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                28902158     94.74%     94.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                   39399      0.13%     94.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                   41893      0.14%     95.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                  223968      0.73%     95.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                   26504      0.09%     95.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                    8174      0.03%     95.86% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                    8807      0.03%     95.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                   24792      0.08%     95.97% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                 1230657      4.03%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total            30506352                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.040724                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       0.178776                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                  386632                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles             28732471                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                   626445                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles               754614                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles                  6190                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts              10956289                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles                  6190                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                  657121                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles                 231730                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles         11747                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                  1109529                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles             28490035                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts              10926675                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents                 1291                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents                 18288                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LQFullEvents                  5067                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu0.rename.SQFullEvents              28201597                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands           13937892                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups             23086547                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups        12548881                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.fp_rename_lookups           305611                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps             13703524                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                  234368                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts               114                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts           118                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                  4716287                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads              355379                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores            1238416                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads            20552                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores           20407                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                  10872568                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded                691                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                 10817995                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued             1745                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined         152043                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       220799                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           581                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     30506352                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        0.354615                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       1.223362                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           27558498     90.34%     90.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1             476572      1.56%     91.90% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2             517194      1.70%     93.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3             348756      1.14%     94.74% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4             303249      0.99%     95.73% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5             986912      3.24%     98.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6             117479      0.39%     99.35% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7             173199      0.57%     99.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8              24493      0.08%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       30506352                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                  72381     94.39%     94.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     94.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     94.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                  476      0.62%     95.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     95.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     95.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     95.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     95.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     95.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     95.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     95.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     95.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     95.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     95.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     95.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     95.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     95.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     95.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     95.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     95.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     95.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     95.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     95.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     95.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     95.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     95.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     95.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     95.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     95.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     95.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     95.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                   685      0.89%     95.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                  174      0.23%     96.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead             2790      3.64%     99.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite             173      0.23%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass             4180      0.04%      0.04% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu              9148355     84.57%     84.60% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                  78      0.00%     84.61% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                  265      0.00%     84.61% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd              83860      0.78%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     85.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead              302375      2.80%     88.18% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite            1194518     11.04%     99.22% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead          46277      0.43%     99.65% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite         38087      0.35%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total              10817995                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          0.354285                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                      76679                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.007088                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads          51845445                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes         10820358                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     10613236                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads             375321                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            205126                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       184073                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses              10701160                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses                 189334                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads            2015                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        21405                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           46                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          197                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        11491                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           13                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked          525                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles                  6190                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles                  52671                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles               143318                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts           10873259                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts              779                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts               355379                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts             1238416                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts               301                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                   383                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents               142788                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           197                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect          1583                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         5898                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts                7481                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts             10804346                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts               346069                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts            13649                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                     1577442                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                 1219968                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                   1231373                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    0.353838                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                      10800297                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                     10797309                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                  7882080                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                 11003119                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      0.353608                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.716350                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts         152250                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.commitNonSpecStalls            110                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts             6045                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     30481750                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.351726                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.250027                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     27624508     90.63%     90.63% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       343626      1.13%     91.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       324240      1.06%     92.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      1075778      3.53%     96.35% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        71992      0.24%     96.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       650712      2.13%     98.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        72397      0.24%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        22110      0.07%     99.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       296387      0.97%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     30481750                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts             5295536                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps              10721216                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                       1560899                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                       333974                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                         40                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                   1214039                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                    180778                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                 10623782                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls                1044                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass         2232      0.02%      0.02% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu         9075801     84.65%     84.67% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult             66      0.00%     84.67% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv             220      0.00%     84.68% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd         81998      0.76%     85.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     85.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     85.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     85.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     85.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     85.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     85.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     85.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     85.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     85.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     85.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     85.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     85.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead         289790      2.70%     88.14% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite       1189247     11.09%     99.24% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead        44184      0.41%     99.65% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite        37678      0.35%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::total         10721216                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events               296387                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                    41058829                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                   21771971                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                            272                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                          28336                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.committedInsts                    5295536                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                     10721216                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                              5.766118                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                        5.766118                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              0.173427                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        0.173427                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads                12351682                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes                8199342                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads                   285925                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_writes                  145300                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_reads                  6086874                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_writes                 5446094                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads                4023748                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements           156922                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs            1410828                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           156922                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs             8.990632                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data         1024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          103                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          921                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          6437182                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses         6437182                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data       339532                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         339532                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data      1071296                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       1071296                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data      1410828                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total         1410828                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data      1410828                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total        1410828                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data         3598                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         3598                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data       155639                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       155639                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data       159237                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total        159237                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data       159237                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total       159237                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    334698500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    334698500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  14038601999                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  14038601999                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  14373300499                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  14373300499                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  14373300499                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  14373300499                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data       343130                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       343130                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data      1226935                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1226935                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data      1570065                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1570065                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data      1570065                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1570065                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.010486                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010486                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.126852                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.126852                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.101421                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.101421                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.101421                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.101421                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 93023.485270                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 93023.485270                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 90199.769974                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 90199.769974                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 90263.572530                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 90263.572530                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 90263.572530                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 90263.572530                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        11219                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets          202                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs              144                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              2                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    77.909722                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          101                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       155981                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total           155981                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data         2305                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         2305                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data           10                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data         2315                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         2315                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data         2315                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         2315                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         1293                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1293                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       155629                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       155629                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       156922                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       156922                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       156922                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       156922                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    136352500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    136352500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13882150999                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  13882150999                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  14018503499                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  14018503499                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  14018503499                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  14018503499                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.003768                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003768                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.126844                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.126844                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.099946                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.099946                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.099946                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.099946                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 105454.369683                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105454.369683                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 89200.284002                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 89200.284002                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 89334.213807                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 89334.213807                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 89334.213807                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 89334.213807                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements              603                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse                1020                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs             487691                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs              603                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs           808.774461                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst         1020                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.996094                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.996094                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1020                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          214                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          806                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.996094                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses           186767                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses          186767                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst        45806                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          45806                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst        45806                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total           45806                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst        45806                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total          45806                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst          735                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          735                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu0.inst          735                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total           735                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu0.inst          735                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total          735                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     48379500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     48379500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     48379500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     48379500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     48379500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     48379500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst        46541                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        46541                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst        46541                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total        46541                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst        46541                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total        46541                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.015793                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015793                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.015793                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.015793                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.015793                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.015793                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 65822.448980                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 65822.448980                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 65822.448980                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 65822.448980                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 65822.448980                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 65822.448980                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::writebacks          603                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total              603                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst          132                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          132                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst          132                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          132                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst          132                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          132                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          603                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          603                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          603                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          603                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          603                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          603                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     40333000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     40333000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     40333000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     40333000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     40333000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     40333000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.012956                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.012956                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.012956                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.012956                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.012956                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.012956                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 66887.230514                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66887.230514                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 66887.230514                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66887.230514                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 66887.230514                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66887.230514                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu1.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                    157719                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                        16384                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                      157195                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                    157719                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      0.996678                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks       54.508429                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst        33.245566                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     16296.246005                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.003327                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst        0.002029                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.994644                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total                   1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          103                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          955                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         9579                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         5747                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                   2677935                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                  2677935                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks       155981                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total           155981                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks          602                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total              602                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data                17                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                    17                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu0.inst            278                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total                278                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data            32                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total                32                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.inst                  278                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data                   49                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                      327                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.inst                 278                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data                  49                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                     327                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data          155612                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total              155612                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu0.inst          325                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total              325                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data         1261                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total            1261                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.inst                325                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data             156873                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 157198                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.inst               325                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data            156873                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                157198                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13648507000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   13648507000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     36492500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total     36492500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    134014500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total    134014500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     36492500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13782521500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      13819014000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     36492500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13782521500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     13819014000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks       155981                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       155981                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks          602                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total          602                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data        155629                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total            155629                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu0.inst          603                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total            603                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data         1293                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total          1293                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst              603                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data           156922                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               157525                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst             603                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data          156922                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              157525                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.999891                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.999891                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.538972                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.538972                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.975251                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.975251                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst        0.538972                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.999688                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.997924                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst       0.538972                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.999688                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.997924                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 87708.576459                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 87708.576459                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 112284.615385                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 112284.615385                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 106276.367962                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 106276.367962                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 112284.615385                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 87857.830857                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 87908.332167                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 112284.615385                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 87857.830857                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 87908.332167                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks               155639                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                    155639                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data               1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::total                   1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data              1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::total                  1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       155612                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total         155612                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          325                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total          325                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         1260                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total         1260                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst           325                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        156872                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            157197                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          325                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       156872                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           157197                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  12092387000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  12092387000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     33242500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     33242500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    121264500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    121264500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     33242500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  12213651500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  12246894000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     33242500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  12213651500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  12246894000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.999891                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999891                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.538972                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.538972                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.974478                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.974478                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.538972                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.999681                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.997918                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.538972                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.999681                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.997918                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 77708.576459                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77708.576459                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 102284.615385                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102284.615385                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 96241.666667                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 96241.666667                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 102284.615385                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 77857.434724                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77907.937174                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 102284.615385                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 77857.434724                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77907.937174                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        314258                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       157075                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               1585                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       155639                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict             1422                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            155612                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           155612                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq          1585                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       471455                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total       471455                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 471455                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     20021504                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total     20021504                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                20021504                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            157197                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                  157197    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              157197                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer4.occupancy           937337000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer4.utilization               6.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy          826710750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              5.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       315050                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       157525                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests           81                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops            738                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops          738                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp              1896                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       311620                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean          603                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict            3021                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq           155629                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp          155629                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq           603                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         1293                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         1809                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       470766                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                472575                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        77184                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     20025792                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total               20102976                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                          157719                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                   9960896                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples           315244                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.002598                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.050904                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                 314425     99.74%     99.74% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                    819      0.26%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total             315244                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy          314109000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              2.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy            904500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy         235384497                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             1.5                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
