
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.015267                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 15267344125                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               2748121942500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                               49928054                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                 92377996                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              139295953                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1248976                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   109.60                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  5472294442                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   10124962485                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.inst            192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data       10700352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total           10700544                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst          192                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total           192                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks       109376                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total          109376                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.inst               3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data          167193                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total              167196                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks          1709                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total               1709                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.inst             12576                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data         700865318                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             700877894                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst        12576                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total            12576                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks         7164049                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total              7164049                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks         7164049                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.inst            12576                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data        700865318                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            708041943                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                      167196                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                       1709                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                    167196                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                     1709                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM               10687168                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                   13376                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                  108992                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                10700544                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys               109376                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                    209                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0             10641                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1             10406                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2             10416                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3              9912                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4              9851                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5              9985                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6              9228                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7              9631                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8              9397                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9              9298                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10             9442                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11            10629                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12            12509                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13            12447                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14            11838                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15            11357                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0               128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1               128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2               191                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3               128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4               128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5               125                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6                75                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8                 1                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10                1                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11              115                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12              334                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13               93                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14              128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15              128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   15267337000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                167196                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                 1709                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                  128583                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                   35586                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                    2730                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                      87                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                      3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                      4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                    104                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                    107                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                    107                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                    107                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                    107                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                    107                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                    107                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                    106                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                    106                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                    106                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                    106                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                    106                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                    106                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                    107                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                    106                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                    107                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples        93697                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    115.220082                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean    99.529548                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev    71.827928                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127        49241     52.55%     52.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255        37043     39.53%     92.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383         6506      6.94%     99.03% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511          745      0.80%     99.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639           95      0.10%     99.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767           17      0.02%     99.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895           14      0.01%     99.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           20      0.02%     99.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           16      0.02%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total        93697                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples          106                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean    1567.886792                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean   1516.837008                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    393.848951                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::640-767            2      1.89%      1.89% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::768-895            1      0.94%      2.83% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::896-1023            7      6.60%      9.43% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1151            5      4.72%     14.15% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1279           12     11.32%     25.47% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1280-1407           15     14.15%     39.62% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1408-1535            9      8.49%     48.11% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1536-1663           12     11.32%     59.43% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1664-1791            9      8.49%     67.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1792-1919           14     13.21%     81.13% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1920-2047            8      7.55%     88.68% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2048-2175            4      3.77%     92.45% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2176-2303            4      3.77%     96.23% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2304-2431            3      2.83%     99.06% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2432-2559            1      0.94%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total           106                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples          106                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      16.066038                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.062609                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.345553                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16              102     96.23%     96.23% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::17                1      0.94%     97.17% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18                3      2.83%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total           106                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                   4238466250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat              7369472500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                  834935000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     25382.01                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                44132.01                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       700.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                         7.14                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    700.88                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                      7.16                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         5.52                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     5.47                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.06                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.28                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      25.42                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                    73571                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                    1423                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 44.06                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                83.27                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                      90390.08                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    44.46                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                323427720                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                171905910                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy               571699800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy                4713660                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         1205309040.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy           1444888440                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             24816960                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy      5327598480                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy       134696160                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy                0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy             9209056170                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            603.186520                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime          12034458375                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE      9996000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     509860000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    350928500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    2712899000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  11683660625                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                345561720                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                183674205                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy               620587380                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy                4176000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         1205309040.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy           1543101720                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             24800640                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy      5254605990                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy       113473920                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy                0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy             9295290615                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            608.834814                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime          11819381250                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE      9799500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     509860000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    295665500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    2928303375                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  11523715750                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups                2911757                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted          2911757                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect           175859                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups             2458943                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                 155558                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect             22667                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectLookups        2458943                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectHits           1118092                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectMisses         1340851                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu0.branchPredindirectMispredicted        83533                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                    1490981                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                     231129                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                       226040                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                         3994                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                    2132550                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                        12855                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                    1                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                        30534689                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles           2219956                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                       9504171                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                    2911757                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches           1273650                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                     27941596                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                 359864                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.TlbCycles                      2001                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.cpu0.fetch.MiscStallCycles                3007                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles       104151                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                  2119695                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes                33006                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.ItlbSquashes                      8                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples          30450643                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             0.631471                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            1.983261                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                27006822     88.69%     88.69% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                   90143      0.30%     88.99% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                  868625      2.85%     91.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                  106111      0.35%     92.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                  242113      0.80%     92.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                  189074      0.62%     93.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                  165642      0.54%     94.15% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                   81598      0.27%     94.42% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                 1700515      5.58%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total            30450643                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.095359                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       0.311258                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                 1337291                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles             26465046                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                  1995380                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles               472994                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles                179932                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts              16308350                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles                179932                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                 1531133                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles               24904415                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles         39976                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                  2173708                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles              1621479                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts              15496102                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents               122592                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents               1229659                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LQFullEvents                274949                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu0.rename.SQFullEvents                  3504                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands           18357702                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups             41570384                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups        21454407                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.fp_rename_lookups           150785                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps              6351705                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                12006026                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts               752                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts          1025                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                  2629845                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads             2407453                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores             339401                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads            15292                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores           16591                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                  14248101                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded              19697                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                 10682926                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued            23383                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined        9010710                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     16288744                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         19699                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     30450643                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        0.350828                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       1.141555                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           26723331     87.76%     87.76% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1            1208401      3.97%     91.73% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2             720986      2.37%     94.10% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3             520407      1.71%     95.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4             575635      1.89%     97.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5             293078      0.96%     98.66% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6             229233      0.75%     99.41% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7             108572      0.36%     99.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8              71000      0.23%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       30450643                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                  48385     75.16%     75.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     75.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     75.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                 4863      7.55%     82.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     82.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     82.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     82.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     82.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     82.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     82.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     82.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     82.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     82.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     82.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     82.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     82.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     82.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     82.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     82.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     82.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     82.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     82.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     82.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     82.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     82.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     82.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     82.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     82.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     82.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     82.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     82.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                  9545     14.83%     97.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                 1081      1.68%     99.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead              454      0.71%     99.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite              44      0.07%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            63642      0.60%      0.60% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu              8663518     81.10%     81.69% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                5852      0.05%     81.75% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                47756      0.45%     82.19% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd              60457      0.57%     82.76% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     82.76% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     82.76% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     82.76% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     82.76% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     82.76% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     82.76% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     82.76% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     82.76% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     82.76% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     82.76% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     82.76% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     82.76% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     82.76% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     82.76% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     82.76% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     82.76% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     82.76% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     82.76% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     82.76% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     82.76% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     82.76% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     82.76% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     82.76% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     82.76% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     82.76% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     82.76% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     82.76% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead             1580749     14.80%     97.56% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite             249383      2.33%     99.89% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead          11458      0.11%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite           111      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total              10682926                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          0.349862                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                      64372                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.006026                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads          51754121                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes         23161323                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     10048273                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads             150129                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            117196                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses        67150                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses              10606269                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses                  77387                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads           19646                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1575908                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          810                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           17                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       200757                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          155                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked         1762                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles                179932                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles               21602586                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles               306504                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts           14267798                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts            12754                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts              2407453                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts              339401                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts              7066                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                 32633                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                75574                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents            17                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         78724                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       132170                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts              210894                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts             10370368                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts              1489782                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts           312558                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                     1720857                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                 1166923                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                    231075                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    0.339626                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                      10183245                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                     10115423                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                  7542858                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                 12261599                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      0.331276                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.615161                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts        9011912                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.commitNonSpecStalls              1                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts           179924                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     29115741                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.180560                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     0.852863                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     27150425     93.25%     93.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       803023      2.76%     96.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       240586      0.83%     96.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       518121      1.78%     98.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       124050      0.43%     99.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        78889      0.27%     99.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        29527      0.10%     99.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        18189      0.06%     99.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       152931      0.53%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     29115741                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts             2634145                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps               5257136                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                        970192                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                       831536                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                    810853                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                     56480                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                  5200537                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls               24462                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass        16902      0.32%      0.32% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu         4179787     79.51%     79.83% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult            978      0.02%     79.85% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv           41189      0.78%     80.63% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd         48088      0.91%     81.55% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     81.55% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     81.55% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     81.55% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     81.55% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     81.55% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     81.55% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     81.55% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     81.55% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     81.55% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     81.55% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     81.55% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     81.55% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     81.55% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     81.55% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     81.55% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     81.55% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     81.55% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     81.55% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     81.55% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     81.55% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     81.55% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     81.55% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     81.55% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     81.55% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     81.55% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     81.55% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     81.55% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead         823144     15.66%     97.20% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite        138656      2.64%     99.84% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead         8392      0.16%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::total          5257136                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events               152931                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                    43231858                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                   29880893                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                            770                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                          84046                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.committedInsts                    2634145                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                      5257136                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                             11.591879                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                       11.591879                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              0.086267                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        0.086267                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads                11715725                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes                8763891                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads                   117420                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_writes                   58716                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_reads                  5938261                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_writes                 2930533                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads                4977035                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements           333554                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs             982060                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           333554                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs             2.944231                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data         1024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          220                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          783                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            5                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          6709662                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses         6709662                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data       849440                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         849440                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data       137011                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        137011                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data       986451                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total          986451                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data       986451                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total         986451                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data       605931                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       605931                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data         1645                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         1645                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data       607576                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total        607576                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data       607576                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total       607576                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  34273685500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  34273685500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    139142500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    139142500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  34412828000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  34412828000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  34412828000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  34412828000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data      1455371                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1455371                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data       138656                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       138656                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data      1594027                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1594027                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data      1594027                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1594027                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.416341                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.416341                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.011864                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.011864                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.381158                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.381158                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.381158                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.381158                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 56563.677217                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 56563.677217                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84585.106383                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 84585.106383                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 56639.544682                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 56639.544682                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 56639.544682                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 56639.544682                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        40682                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets           96                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs             1406                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    28.934566                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets           96                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         4284                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total             4284                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       273997                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       273997                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data           25                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           25                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       274022                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       274022                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       274022                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       274022                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       331934                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       331934                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         1620                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         1620                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       333554                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       333554                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       333554                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       333554                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18150773000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  18150773000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    135215500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    135215500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18285988500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  18285988500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18285988500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  18285988500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.228075                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.228075                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.011684                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011684                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.209252                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.209252                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.209252                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.209252                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 54681.873505                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 54681.873505                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 83466.358025                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 83466.358025                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 54821.673552                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 54821.673552                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 54821.673552                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 54821.673552                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements                3                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse                1021                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs                 15                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs                3                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs                    5                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst         1021                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.997070                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.997070                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1021                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         1019                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.997070                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses          8478783                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses         8478783                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst      2119692                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        2119692                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst      2119692                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total         2119692                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst      2119692                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total        2119692                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu0.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total             3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu0.inst            3                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total            3                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       288000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total       288000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       288000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total       288000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       288000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total       288000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst      2119695                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      2119695                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst      2119695                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total      2119695                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst      2119695                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total      2119695                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000001                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000001                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000001                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        96000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total        96000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        96000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total        96000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        96000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total        96000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::writebacks            3                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total                3                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            3                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            3                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       285000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       285000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       285000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total       285000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       285000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total       285000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        95000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        95000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        95000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        95000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        95000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        95000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu1.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                    167257                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                        16384                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                      499301                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                    167257                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      2.985232                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks       10.354984                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst         0.123277                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     16373.521739                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.000632                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst        0.000008                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.999360                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total                   1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          112                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          785                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         8592                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         6885                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           10                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                   5503745                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                  5503745                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         4284                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total             4284                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks            3                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total                3                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data               303                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                   303                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data        166058                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total            166058                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data               166361                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                   166361                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data              166361                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                  166361                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data            1318                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                1318                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu0.inst            3                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total                3                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data       165875                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total          165875                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.inst                  3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data             167193                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 167196                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.inst                 3                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data            167193                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                167196                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    129582500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     129582500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       280500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total       280500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  15855662500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total  15855662500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       280500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  15985245000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      15985525500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       280500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  15985245000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     15985525500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         4284                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         4284                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks            3                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total            3                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data          1621                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total              1621                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu0.inst            3                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total              3                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data       331933                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        331933                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst                3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data           333554                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               333557                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst               3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data          333554                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              333557                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.813078                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.813078                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.499724                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.499724                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.501247                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.501252                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.501247                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.501252                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 98317.526555                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 98317.526555                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        93500                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total        93500                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 95588.018086                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 95588.018086                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        93500                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 95609.535088                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 95609.497237                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        93500                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 95609.535088                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 95609.497237                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                 1709                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                      1709                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks           73                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total            73                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         1318                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           1318                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            3                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       165875                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total       165875                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst             3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        167193                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            167196                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            3                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       167193                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           167196                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    116402500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    116402500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       250500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       250500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  14196912500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  14196912500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       250500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  14313315000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  14313565500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       250500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  14313315000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  14313565500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.813078                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.813078                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.499724                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.499724                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.501247                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.501252                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.501247                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.501252                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 88317.526555                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 88317.526555                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        83500                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        83500                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 85588.018086                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 85588.018086                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        83500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 85609.535088                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 85609.497237                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        83500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 85609.535088                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 85609.497237                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        334389                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       167196                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             165878                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         1709                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict           165484                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq              1318                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp             1318                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        165878                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       501585                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total       501585                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 501585                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     10809920                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total     10809920                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                10809920                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            167196                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                  167196    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              167196                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer4.occupancy           395276000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer4.utilization               2.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy          909020250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              6.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       667114                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       333557                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests          138                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops            137                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops          123                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops           14                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp            331936                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         5993                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean            3                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict          494818                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             1621                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp            1621                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq             3                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       331933                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side            9                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      1000662                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total               1000671                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side          384                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     21621632                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total               21622016                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                          167257                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                    109376                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples           500814                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.000577                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.025152                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                 500539     99.95%     99.95% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                    261      0.05%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                     14      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total             500814                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy          337844000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              2.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy              4500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy         500331000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             3.3                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
