
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.001445                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                  1444955000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               10993932725000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                              305400432                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                572150049                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               68836349                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1248976                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                    20.99                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  6410700540                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   12010086727                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   1444955000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.inst           8640                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data        1631680                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total            1640320                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst         8640                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total          8640                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks      1148992                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total         1148992                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.inst             135                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data           25495                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total               25630                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks         17953                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total              17953                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.inst           5979425                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data        1129225478                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total            1135204903                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst      5979425                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total          5979425                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks       795174936                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total            795174936                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks       795174936                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.inst          5979425                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data       1129225478                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total           1930379839                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                       25630                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                      17953                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                     25630                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                    17953                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM                1636160                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                    4032                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                 1149696                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                 1640320                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys              1148992                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                     63                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0              1613                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1              1606                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2              1648                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3              1509                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4              1346                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5              1608                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6              1603                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7              1869                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8              1532                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9              1723                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10             1560                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11             1411                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12             1682                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13             1464                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14             1544                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15             1847                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0              1119                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1              1135                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2              1163                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3              1060                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4               932                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5              1136                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6              1148                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7              1308                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8              1087                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9              1213                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10             1095                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11              999                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12             1197                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13             1032                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14             1078                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15             1262                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                    1444926500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                 25630                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                17953                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                   11504                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                    8544                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                    4344                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                    1173                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                     33                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                     41                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                    467                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                    848                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                   1070                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                   1148                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                   1171                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                   1185                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                   1186                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                   1177                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                   1186                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                   1187                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                   1190                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                   1209                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                   1227                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                   1312                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                   1168                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                   1130                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                     16                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples        32441                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean     85.906106                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean    76.911465                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev    55.968894                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127        26219     80.82%     80.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255         4956     15.28%     96.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383         1077      3.32%     99.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511          161      0.50%     99.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639           16      0.05%     99.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767            3      0.01%     99.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895            1      0.00%     99.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023            5      0.02%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151            3      0.01%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total        32441                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples         1115                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean      22.944395                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     22.640927                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev      3.777063                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::12-13             1      0.09%      0.09% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::14-15             8      0.72%      0.81% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::16-17            52      4.66%      5.47% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::18-19           151     13.54%     19.01% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::20-21           209     18.74%     37.76% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::22-23           237     21.26%     59.01% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::24-25           193     17.31%     76.32% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::26-27           140     12.56%     88.88% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::28-29            67      6.01%     94.89% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::30-31            26      2.33%     97.22% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::32-33            22      1.97%     99.19% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::34-35             7      0.63%     99.82% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::36-37             1      0.09%     99.91% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::38-39             1      0.09%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total          1115                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples         1114                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      16.112208                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.104621                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.520016                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16             1057     94.88%     94.88% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::17               11      0.99%     95.87% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18               29      2.60%     98.47% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::19               12      1.08%     99.55% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::20                5      0.45%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total          1114                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                    928564500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat              1407908250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                  127825000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     36318.87                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    4999.61                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                55067.40                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                      1132.33                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                       795.66                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                   1135.20                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                    795.17                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                        15.06                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     8.85                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    6.22                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       2.02                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      26.20                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                    10239                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                     857                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 40.05                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                 4.77                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                      33153.44                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    25.50                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                115653720                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                 61471410                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy                91406280                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy               46969560                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         114323040.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy            302374170                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy              2581920                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy       349103910                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy         1901280                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy          1656240                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy             1087441530                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            752.578129                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime            775200000                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE      1028250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF      48366000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF      4600000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN      4958750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT     620360750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN    765641250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                115903620                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                 61623210                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy                91127820                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy               46786860                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         114323040.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy            304469490                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy              2544000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy       348829170                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy         2172480                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy                0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy             1087779690                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            752.812157                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime            770664250                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE       794250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF      48360000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN      5657750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT     625136500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN    765006500                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   1444955000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups                 362227                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted           362227                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect            19546                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups              273242                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                   3582                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect               277                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectLookups         273242                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectHits             62927                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectMisses          210315                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu0.branchPredindirectMispredicted         3145                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   1444955000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                     475761                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                     225044                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                        60603                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                           60                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   1444955000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   1444955000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                     182723                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                           57                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                    5                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON     1444955000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                         2889910                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles            199607                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                       1752817                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                     362227                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches             66509                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                      2659585                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                  39202                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.MiscStallCycles                  29                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles          161                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingQuiesceStallCycles           59                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending quiesce instructions
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                   182692                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes                 3473                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples           2879042                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             1.078278                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            2.574894                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                 2400110     83.36%     83.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                   15555      0.54%     83.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                   18691      0.65%     84.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                   47425      1.65%     86.20% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                   26565      0.92%     87.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                   21185      0.74%     87.86% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                   40660      1.41%     89.27% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                   17756      0.62%     89.89% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                  291095     10.11%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total             2879042                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.125342                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       0.606530                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                  128108                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles              2370961                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                   273337                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles                87035                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles                 19601                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts               2660891                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles                 19601                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                  168696                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles                1986161                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles          3560                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                   307566                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles               393458                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts               2555518                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents                66918                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents                142599                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LQFullEvents                220181                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu0.rename.SQFullEvents                  7304                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands            2932980                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups              6791268                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups         3822590                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps              1819746                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                 1113294                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts                43                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts            48                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                   496022                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads              424547                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores             264395                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads            45915                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores           11338                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                   2412301                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded                932                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                  2283238                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued             7316                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined         826283                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      1151398                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           735                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2879042                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        0.793055                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       1.727915                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0            2167484     75.28%     75.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1             211845      7.36%     82.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2             115303      4.00%     86.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3              99759      3.47%     90.11% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4              89762      3.12%     93.23% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5              78157      2.71%     95.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6              53746      1.87%     97.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7              34687      1.20%     99.02% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8              28299      0.98%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total        2879042                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                   7256     16.36%     16.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     16.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     16.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0      0.00%     16.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     16.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     16.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     16.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     16.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     16.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     16.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     16.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     16.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     16.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     16.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     16.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     16.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     16.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     16.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     16.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     16.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     16.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     16.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     16.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     16.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     16.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     16.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     16.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     16.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     16.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     16.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     16.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                 22934     51.71%     68.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                14164     31.93%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            21477      0.94%      0.94% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu              1539116     67.41%     68.35% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                 137      0.01%     68.36% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                   10      0.00%     68.36% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0      0.00%     68.36% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     68.36% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     68.36% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     68.36% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     68.36% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     68.36% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     68.36% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     68.36% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     68.36% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     68.36% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     68.36% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     68.36% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     68.36% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     68.36% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     68.36% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     68.36% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     68.36% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     68.36% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     68.36% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     68.36% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     68.36% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     68.36% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     68.36% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     68.36% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     68.36% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     68.36% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     68.36% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     68.36% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead              489334     21.43%     89.79% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite             233164     10.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total               2283238                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          0.790072                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                      44354                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.019426                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads           7497188                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes          3239548                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      2084731                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses               2306115                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads            9783                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       135787                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           55                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           32                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       107793                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked       135432                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles                 19601                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles                 925353                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles               126909                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts            2413233                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts             1208                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts               424547                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts              264395                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts               341                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                 15215                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents               105950                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents            32                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         10720                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        10673                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts               21393                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts              2236778                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts               475757                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts            46460                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                      700800                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                  229096                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                    225043                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    0.773996                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                       2087668                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                      2084731                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                  1500363                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                  2401288                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      0.721383                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.624816                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts         827446                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.commitNonSpecStalls            197                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts            19572                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2755324                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.575975                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.875867                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      2436414     88.43%     88.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1        58928      2.14%     90.56% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        28442      1.03%     91.60% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        56192      2.04%     93.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        12352      0.45%     94.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5         7120      0.26%     94.34% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        10340      0.38%     94.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         8726      0.32%     95.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       136810      4.97%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2755324                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts              882721                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps               1586998                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                        445375                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                       288771                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                        128                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                    192872                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                  1573945                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls                1723                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass        12924      0.81%      0.81% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu         1128575     71.11%     71.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult            124      0.01%     71.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0      0.00%     71.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0      0.00%     71.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     71.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     71.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     71.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     71.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     71.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     71.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     71.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     71.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     71.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     71.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     71.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     71.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     71.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     71.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     71.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     71.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     71.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     71.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     71.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     71.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     71.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     71.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     71.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     71.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     71.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     71.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     71.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead         288771     18.20%     90.13% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite        156604      9.87%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::total          1586998                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events               136810                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                     5032958                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                    4953418                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                             78                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                          10868                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.committedInsts                     882721                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                      1586998                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                              3.273866                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                        3.273866                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              0.305449                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        0.305449                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads                 3223556                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes                1611889                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_reads                  1284129                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_writes                  727381                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads                1205231                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   1444955000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements            85134                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs             245178                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs            85134                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs             2.879907                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data         1024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           68                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          850                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          105                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          2083846                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses         2083846                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   1444955000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data       181450                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         181450                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data       156021                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        156021                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data       337471                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total          337471                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data       337471                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total         337471                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data       161622                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       161622                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data          585                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          585                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data       162207                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total        162207                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data       162207                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total       162207                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data   7048617500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   7048617500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     52544935                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     52544935                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data   7101162435                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   7101162435                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data   7101162435                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   7101162435                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data       343072                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       343072                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data       156606                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       156606                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data       499678                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total       499678                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data       499678                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total       499678                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.471102                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.471102                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.003735                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.003735                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.324623                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.324623                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.324623                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.324623                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 43611.745307                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 43611.745307                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 89820.401709                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 89820.401709                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 43778.396956                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 43778.396956                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 43778.396956                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 43778.396956                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       771130                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs            37591                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    20.513687                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        76968                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total            76968                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data        76982                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        76982                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data           93                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           93                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data        77075                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        77075                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data        77075                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        77075                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        84640                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        84640                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          492                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          492                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        85132                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        85132                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        85132                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        85132                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   3449115500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3449115500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     48317951                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     48317951                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   3497433451                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3497433451                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   3497433451                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3497433451                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.246712                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.246712                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.003142                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003142                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.170374                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.170374                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.170374                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.170374                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 40750.419423                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 40750.419423                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 98207.217480                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98207.217480                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 41082.477224                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 41082.477224                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 41082.477224                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 41082.477224                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   1444955000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   1444955000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   1444955000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements              137                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse         1023.960634                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs           50340905                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs              137                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs         367451.861314                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst  1023.960634                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.999962                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999962                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1023                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           49                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           86                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          888                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.999023                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses           730905                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses          730905                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   1444955000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst       182527                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         182527                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst       182527                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total          182527                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst       182527                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total         182527                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst          165                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          165                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu0.inst          165                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total           165                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu0.inst          165                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total          165                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     18680000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     18680000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     18680000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     18680000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     18680000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     18680000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst       182692                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       182692                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst       182692                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total       182692                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst       182692                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total       182692                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000903                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000903                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000903                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000903                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000903                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000903                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 113212.121212                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 113212.121212                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 113212.121212                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 113212.121212                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 113212.121212                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 113212.121212                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::writebacks          137                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total              137                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst           26                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           26                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          139                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          139                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          139                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          139                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          139                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          139                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     15018000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     15018000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     15018000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     15018000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     15018000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     15018000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000761                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000761                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000761                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000761                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000761                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000761                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 108043.165468                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 108043.165468                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 108043.165468                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 108043.165468                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 108043.165468                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 108043.165468                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   1444955000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   1444955000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu1.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   1444955000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   1444955000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   1444955000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON     1444955000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   1444955000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   1444955000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   1444955000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   1444955000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   1444955000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   1444955000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   1444955000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   1444955000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   1444955000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                     25766                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                        16384                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                       74438                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                     25766                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      2.889001                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks        3.820408                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst         3.819194                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     16376.360398                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.000233                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst        0.000233                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.999534                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total                   1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          164                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          769                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2        10317                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         5134                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                   1390102                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                  1390102                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   1444955000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks        76968                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total            76968                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks          137                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total              137                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data                40                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                    40                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu0.inst              2                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total                  2                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data         59597                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total             59597                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.inst                    2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data                59637                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                    59639                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.inst                   2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data               59637                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                   59639                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu0.data              1                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::total                  1                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data             451                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                 451                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu0.inst          137                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total              137                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data        25043                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total           25043                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.inst                137                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data              25494                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                  25631                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.inst               137                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data             25494                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                 25631                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data        29500                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total        29500                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     47000000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      47000000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     14789500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total     14789500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data   2662491000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total   2662491000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     14789500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data   2709491000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total       2724280500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     14789500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data   2709491000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total      2724280500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks        76968                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        76968                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks          137                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total          137                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu0.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total                1                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data           491                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total               491                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu0.inst          139                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total            139                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data        84640                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         84640                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst              139                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data            85131                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total                85270                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst             139                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data           85131                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total               85270                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total               1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.918534                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.918534                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.985612                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.985612                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.295877                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.295877                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst        0.985612                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.299468                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.300586                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst       0.985612                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.299468                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.300586                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data        29500                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total        29500                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 104212.860310                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 104212.860310                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 107952.554745                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 107952.554745                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 106316.775147                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 106316.775147                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 107952.554745                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 106279.555974                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 106288.498303                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 107952.554745                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 106279.555974                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 106288.498303                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                17953                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                     17953                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total             1                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          451                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            451                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          137                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total          137                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        25043                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total        25043                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst           137                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         25494                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total             25631                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          137                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        25494                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total            25631                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data        19500                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        19500                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     42490000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     42490000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     13439500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     13439500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   2412041000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2412041000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     13439500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   2454531000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2467970500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     13439500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   2454531000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2467970500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.918534                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.918534                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.985612                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.985612                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.295877                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.295877                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.985612                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.299468                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.300586                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.985612                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.299468                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.300586                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data        19500                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        19500                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94212.860310                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 94212.860310                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 98098.540146                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98098.540146                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 96315.976520                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 96315.976520                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 98098.540146                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 96278.771476                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 96288.498303                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 98098.540146                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 96278.771476                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 96288.498303                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests         51398                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests        25769                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   1444955000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              25180                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        17953                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict             7814                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq                1                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq               451                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp              451                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         25179                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port        77029                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total        77029                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  77029                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port      2789376                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total      2789376                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 2789376                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples             25631                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                   25631    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total               25631                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer4.occupancy           128624500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer4.utilization               8.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy          138586000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              9.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       170542                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests        85283                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests           42                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops              0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   1444955000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp             84780                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        94921                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean          137                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict           15979                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq               1                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp              1                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq              491                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp             491                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq           139                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        84640                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side          413                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       255401                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                255814                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        17536                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     10374528                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total               10392064                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                           25766                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                   1148992                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples           111037                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.000486                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.022047                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                 110983     99.95%     99.95% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                     54      0.05%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total             111037                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy          162376000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization             11.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy            205500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy         127701500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             8.8                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
