
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.015267                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 15267344125                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               1190852841750                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                               23018421                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                 42371677                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              135813970                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1247936                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   112.41                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  2587584301                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    4763154546                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.inst           4992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data       15154496                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total           15159488                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst         4992                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total          4992                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks      3836288                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total         3836288                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.inst              78                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data          236789                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total              236867                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks         59942                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total              59942                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.inst            326972                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data         992608529                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             992935502                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst       326972                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total           326972                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks       251274090                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total            251274090                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks       251274090                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.inst           326972                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data        992608529                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total           1244209592                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                      236869                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                      59942                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                    236869                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                    59942                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM               15159488                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                     128                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                 3836224                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                15159616                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys              3836288                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                      2                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0             14980                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1             14952                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2             14631                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3             14615                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4             14610                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5             14601                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6             14730                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7             14587                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8             14602                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9             14853                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10            14863                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11            15028                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12            14980                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13            14850                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14            14982                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15            15003                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0              3678                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1              3768                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2              3734                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3              3727                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4              3696                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5              3678                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6              3649                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7              3663                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8              3713                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9              3839                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10             3834                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11             3862                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12             3720                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13             3707                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14             3836                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15             3837                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   15325494500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                236869                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                59942                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                  148784                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                   88043                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                      25                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                      12                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                      7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                      8                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                   3139                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                   3745                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                   3742                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                   3749                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                   3753                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                   3750                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                   3753                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                   3768                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                   3760                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                   3749                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                   3752                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                   3893                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                   3980                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                   3765                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                   3777                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                   3846                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples        22921                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    828.713581                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   690.674688                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   324.714055                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127         1178      5.14%      5.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255         1308      5.71%     10.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383         1008      4.40%     15.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511          705      3.08%     18.32% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639          839      3.66%     21.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767          714      3.12%     25.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895          988      4.31%     29.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         1074      4.69%     34.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151        15107     65.91%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total        22921                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples         3744                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean      16.810096                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     16.304044                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     19.364344                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::0-63           3733     99.71%     99.71% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::64-127            9      0.24%     99.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::128-191            1      0.03%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1215            1      0.03%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total          3744                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples         3744                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      16.009882                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.008640                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.222099                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16             3734     99.73%     99.73% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::17                1      0.03%     99.76% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18                3      0.08%     99.84% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::19                2      0.05%     99.89% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::20                1      0.03%     99.92% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::21                1      0.03%     99.95% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::23                1      0.03%     99.97% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::24                1      0.03%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total          3744                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                   2697087250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat              7138343500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                 1184335000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     11386.50                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                30136.50                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       992.94                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                       251.27                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    992.94                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                    251.27                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         9.72                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     7.76                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    1.96                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.49                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      29.92                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                   219454                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                   54432                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 92.65                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                90.81                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                      51633.85                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    92.28                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                 81745860                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                 43445160                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy               840420840                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy              154475460                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         757236480.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy           1468375860                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             61347360                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy      1930095240                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy       435123360                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy       1629259140                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy             7401524760                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            484.794520                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime          11887067125                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE     58935250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     321046000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF   6521664375                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN   1133115750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    3000295750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   4232287000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                 81917220                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                 43540035                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy               850809540                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy              158416560                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         774446400.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy           1512841560                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             61942080                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy      1978240290                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy       439284000                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy       1578096780                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy             7479534465                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            489.904099                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime          11782161625                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE     59483000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     328320000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF   6306186125                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN   1143950750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    3091380750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   4338023500                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups                3880053                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted          3880053                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect             6595                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups             3813076                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                  28875                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect               184                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectLookups        3813076                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectHits           3605843                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectMisses          207233                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu0.branchPredindirectMispredicted         1104                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                    4303321                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                     556830                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                         3155                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                          740                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                     634581                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                           58                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                    7                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                        30534688                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles            639598                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                      21426693                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                    3880053                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches           3634718                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                     29879558                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                  13318                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.MiscStallCycles                  46                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles          272                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                   634534                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes                  421                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples          30526133                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             1.236178                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            2.628988                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                22633249     74.14%     74.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                 2499877      8.19%     82.33% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                  544587      1.78%     84.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                  364468      1.19%     85.31% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                  227911      0.75%     86.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                  239953      0.79%     86.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                  400496      1.31%     88.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                  385856      1.26%     89.42% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                 3229736     10.58%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total            30526133                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.127070                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       0.701716                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                 1472628                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles             24306885                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                  1658548                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles              3081413                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles                  6659                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts              37517584                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles                  6659                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                 2320768                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles               13817380                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles          2082                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                  3873746                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles             10505498                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts              37499977                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents               991099                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents               2600598                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LQFullEvents                  1612                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu0.rename.SQFullEvents               6304611                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands           57558287                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups             85663548                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups        46666094                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.fp_rename_lookups          6748226                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps             57488871                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                   69304                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts                40                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts            40                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                 12434506                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads             4305811                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores             558570                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads            28410                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores             295                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                  37486883                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded                388                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                 37472466                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued              514                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined          51946                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined        73966                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           321                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     30526133                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        1.227554                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       1.964584                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           19328502     63.32%     63.32% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1            2410740      7.90%     71.22% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2            1801103      5.90%     77.12% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3            2364296      7.75%     84.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4            1107390      3.63%     88.49% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5            1668809      5.47%     93.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6            1463266      4.79%     98.75% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7             242785      0.80%     99.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8             139242      0.46%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       30526133                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                  43916     70.13%     70.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     70.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     70.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                 7450     11.90%     82.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     82.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     82.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     82.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     82.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     82.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     82.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     82.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     82.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     82.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     82.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     82.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     82.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     82.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     82.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     82.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     82.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     82.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     82.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     82.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     82.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     82.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     82.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     82.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     82.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     82.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     82.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     82.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                   294      0.47%     82.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                  627      1.00%     83.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead            10299     16.45%     99.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite              39      0.06%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            17743      0.05%      0.05% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu             30504122     81.40%     81.45% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                5157      0.01%     81.47% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                   60      0.00%     81.47% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            2084317      5.56%     87.03% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     87.03% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     87.03% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     87.03% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     87.03% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     87.03% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     87.03% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     87.03% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     87.03% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     87.03% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     87.03% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     87.03% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     87.03% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     87.03% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     87.03% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     87.03% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     87.03% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     87.03% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     87.03% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     87.03% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     87.03% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     87.03% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     87.03% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     87.03% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     87.03% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     87.03% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     87.03% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     87.03% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead             3595198      9.59%     96.62% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite             291984      0.78%     97.40% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead         708696      1.89%     99.29% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite        265189      0.71%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total              37472466                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          1.227210                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                      62625                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.001671                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads          97928452                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes         33746031                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     33673934                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            7605759                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes           3793216                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      3788613                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses              33700427                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses                3816921                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads           28451                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        15470                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            5                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           37                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         3058                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            2                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked           98                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles                  6659                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles               10675942                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles              2017168                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts           37487271                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts               41                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts              4305811                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts              558570                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts               153                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                 32340                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents              1984810                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents            37                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect          5472                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         1587                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts                7059                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts             37469094                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts              4303303                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts             3379                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                     4860126                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                 3853093                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                    556823                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    1.227099                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                      37463176                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                     37462547                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                 30571362                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                 45319439                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      1.226885                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.674575                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts          51968                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.commitNonSpecStalls             67                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts             6640                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     30514402                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     1.226808                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     2.153329                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     21873754     71.68%     71.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       977908      3.20%     74.89% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       162867      0.53%     75.42% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       396211      1.30%     76.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3084506     10.11%     86.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      3125476     10.24%     97.07% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        56589      0.19%     97.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        58630      0.19%     97.45% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       778461      2.55%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     30514402                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts            21223369                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps              37435311                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                       4845856                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                      4290338                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                         40                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                   3851302                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                   3787236                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                 34828438                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls               28281                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass        17214      0.05%      0.05% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu        30483318     81.43%     81.48% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult           5148      0.01%     81.49% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv              36      0.00%     81.49% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd       2083739      5.57%     87.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     87.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     87.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     87.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     87.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     87.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     87.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     87.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     87.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     87.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     87.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     87.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     87.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     87.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     87.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     87.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     87.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     87.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     87.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     87.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     87.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     87.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     87.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     87.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     87.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     87.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     87.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     87.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead        3582034      9.57%     96.62% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite        290524      0.78%     97.40% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead       708304      1.89%     99.29% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite       264994      0.71%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::total         37435311                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events               778461                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                    67223220                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                   74986434                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                             74                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                           8555                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.committedInsts                   21223369                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                     37435311                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                              1.438730                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                        1.438730                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              0.695058                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        0.695058                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads                46615247                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes               29659158                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads                  6744660                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_writes                 3214935                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_reads                 19279536                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_writes                24643915                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads               12936629                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements           237763                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs          271433860                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           237763                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs          1141.615222                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data         1024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          190                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          834                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         19558487                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses        19558487                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data      1804927                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        1804927                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data       510896                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        510896                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data      2315823                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total         2315823                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data      2315823                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total        2315823                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data      2469734                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total      2469734                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data        44624                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total        44624                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data      2514358                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total       2514358                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data      2514358                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total      2514358                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data 165610824500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 165610824500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data   4030875499                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   4030875499                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data 169641699999                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 169641699999                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data 169641699999                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 169641699999                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data      4274661                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      4274661                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data       555520                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       555520                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data      4830181                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total      4830181                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data      4830181                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total      4830181                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.577761                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.577761                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.080328                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.080328                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.520552                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.520552                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.520552                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.520552                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 67056.138232                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 67056.138232                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 90329.766471                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 90329.766471                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 67469.190942                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 67469.190942                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 67469.190942                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 67469.190942                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs         3010                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               33                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    91.212121                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        46294                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total            46294                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data      2276590                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total      2276590                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data            1                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data      2276591                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total      2276591                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data      2276591                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total      2276591                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       193144                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       193144                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        44623                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        44623                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       237767                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       237767                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       237767                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       237767                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  15622400000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  15622400000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   3986163499                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3986163499                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19608563499                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  19608563499                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19608563499                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  19608563499                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.045183                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.045183                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.080327                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.080327                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.049225                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.049225                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.049225                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.049225                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 80884.728493                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 80884.728493                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 89329.796271                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 89329.796271                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 82469.659368                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 82469.659368                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 82469.659368                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 82469.659368                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements              176                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse         1020.999615                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs           68261240                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs              176                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs         387847.954545                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst  1020.999615                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.997070                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.997070                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1021                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           10                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         1011                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.997070                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses          2538314                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses         2538314                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst       634319                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         634319                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst       634319                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total          634319                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst       634319                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total         634319                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst          215                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          215                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu0.inst          215                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total           215                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu0.inst          215                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total          215                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     12239500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     12239500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     12239500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     12239500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     12239500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     12239500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst       634534                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       634534                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst       634534                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total       634534                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst       634534                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total       634534                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000339                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000339                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000339                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000339                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000339                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000339                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 56927.906977                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 56927.906977                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 56927.906977                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 56927.906977                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 56927.906977                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 56927.906977                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::writebacks          176                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total              176                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           37                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          178                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          178                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          178                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          178                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          178                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          178                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst      9940000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      9940000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst      9940000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      9940000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst      9940000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      9940000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000281                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000281                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000281                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000281                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000281                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000281                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 55842.696629                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 55842.696629                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 55842.696629                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 55842.696629                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 55842.696629                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 55842.696629                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu1.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                    237006                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                        16384                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                      239383                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                    237006                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      1.010029                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks       25.391809                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst        18.166808                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     16340.441384                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.001550                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst        0.001109                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.997341                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total                   1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          190                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1         1798                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2        14396                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                   4044030                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                  4044030                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks        46294                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total            46294                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks          176                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total              176                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data                 7                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                     7                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu0.inst             98                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total                 98                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data           967                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total               967                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.inst                   98                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data                  974                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                     1072                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.inst                  98                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data                 974                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                    1072                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu0.data              2                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::total                  2                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data           44614                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total               44614                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu0.inst           78                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total               78                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data       192177                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total          192177                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.inst                 78                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data             236791                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 236869                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.inst                78                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data            236791                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                236869                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data   3919091000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total    3919091000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst      8636000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total      8636000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  15322519000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total  15322519000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst      8636000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19241610000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      19250246000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst      8636000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19241610000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     19250246000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks        46294                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        46294                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks          176                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total          176                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu0.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total                2                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data         44621                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total             44621                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu0.inst          176                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total            176                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data       193144                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        193144                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst              176                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data           237765                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               237941                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst             176                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data          237765                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              237941                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total               1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.999843                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.999843                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.443182                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.443182                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.994993                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.994993                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst        0.443182                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.995904                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.995495                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst       0.443182                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.995904                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.995495                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 87844.421034                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 87844.421034                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 110717.948718                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 110717.948718                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 79731.284181                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 79731.284181                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 110717.948718                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 81259.887411                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 81269.587831                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 110717.948718                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 81259.887411                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 81269.587831                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                59942                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                     59942                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks          214                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total           214                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total             2                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        44614                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total          44614                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst           78                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total           78                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       192177                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total       192177                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            78                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        236791                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            236869                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst           78                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       236791                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           236869                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data        41000                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        41000                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   3472951000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3472951000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst      7856000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7856000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13400769000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  13400769000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst      7856000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16873720000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  16881576000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst      7856000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16873720000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  16881576000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.999843                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999843                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.443182                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.443182                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.994993                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.994993                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.443182                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.995904                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.995495                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.443182                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.995904                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.995495                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data        20500                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        20500                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 77844.421034                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77844.421034                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 100717.948718                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100717.948718                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 69731.388251                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69731.388251                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 100717.948718                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 71259.971874                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71269.672266                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 100717.948718                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 71259.971874                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71269.672266                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        473880                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       237011                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             192253                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        59942                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict           177067                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq                2                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             44614                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp            44614                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        192255                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       710747                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total       710747                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 710747                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     18995776                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total     18995776                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                18995776                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            236871                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                  236871    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              236871                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer4.occupancy           792500000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer4.utilization               5.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         1244695750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              8.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       475884                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       237931                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests           17                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops            224                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops          224                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp            193320                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       106236                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean          176                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict          368533                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq               2                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp              2                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            44621                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           44621                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq           178                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       193144                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side          530                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       713295                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                713825                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        22528                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     18179648                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total               18202176                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                          237008                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                   3836416                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples           474951                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.000491                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.022144                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                 474718     99.95%     99.95% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                    233      0.05%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total             474951                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy          284412000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              1.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy            267000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy         356645500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             2.3                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
