
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.015267                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 15267344125                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               549624388500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                4667755                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                  8821551                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               58008248                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1219356                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   263.19                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  1228518638                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    2321767140                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.inst            192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data         245312                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total             245504                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst          192                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total           192                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks       216320                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total          216320                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.inst               3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data            3833                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total                3836                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks          3380                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total               3380                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.inst             12576                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data          16067759                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total              16080334                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst        12576                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total            12576                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks        14168804                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total             14168804                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks        14168804                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.inst            12576                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data         16067759                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total             30249138                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                        3836                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                       3380                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                      3836                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                     3380                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM                 245504                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                       0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                  216256                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                  245504                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys               216320                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                      0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0               129                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1               235                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2               200                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3               256                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4               310                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5               257                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6               223                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7               257                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8               257                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9               256                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10              256                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11              256                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12              258                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13              311                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14              258                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15              117                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0               129                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1               253                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2               189                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3               252                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4               187                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5               182                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6               149                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7               236                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8               214                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9               256                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10              256                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11              247                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12              178                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13              306                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14              249                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15               96                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   15269461000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                  3836                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                 3380                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                    3825                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                      11                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                    177                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                    178                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                    189                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                    189                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                    189                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                    189                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                    189                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                    189                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                    189                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                    189                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                    189                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                    189                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                    189                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                    189                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                    190                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                    189                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                    189                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                    189                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples         4414                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    104.612596                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean    77.603291                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   147.391544                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127         3864     87.54%     87.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255          225      5.10%     92.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383           99      2.24%     94.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511           62      1.40%     96.28% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639           37      0.84%     97.12% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767           35      0.79%     97.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895           30      0.68%     98.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           30      0.68%     99.28% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           32      0.72%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total         4414                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples          189                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean      20.285714                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     20.005824                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev      3.743485                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::16-17             8      4.23%      4.23% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::18-19           102     53.97%     58.20% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::20-21            46     24.34%     82.54% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::22-23             6      3.17%     85.71% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::24-25            10      5.29%     91.01% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::26-27             4      2.12%     93.12% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::28-29             3      1.59%     94.71% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::30-31             4      2.12%     96.83% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::32-33             3      1.59%     98.41% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::34-35             2      1.06%     99.47% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::36-37             1      0.53%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total           189                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples          189                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      17.878307                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     17.871625                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.473787                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16               11      5.82%      5.82% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::17                1      0.53%      6.35% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18              177     93.65%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total           189                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                    378514000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat               450439000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                   19180000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     98674.14                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat               117424.14                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                        16.08                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                        14.16                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                     16.08                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                     14.17                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         0.24                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     0.13                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.11                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      24.57                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                       53                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                    2748                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                  1.38                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                81.30                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                    2116056.13                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    38.82                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                 15679440                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                  8337615                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy                13330380                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy                8231940                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         1172118480.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy            427226400                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             52333920                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy      2877926580                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy      2028374880                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy        790389540                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy             7394695815                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            484.347229                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime          14182026125                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE     91635750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     497734000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF   2599018250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN   5282091500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT     485656750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   6311207875                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                 15836520                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                  8413515                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy                14058660                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy                9406440                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         1197318720.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy            426476850                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             50828160                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy      2813732610                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy      2238640320                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy        687468660                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy             7463338695                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            488.843288                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime          14196682625                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE     84906000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     508292000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF   2196881625                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN   5829764750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT     476900250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   6170599500                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups               13197360                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted         13197360                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect          1114118                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups            10909812                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                 989855                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect            214725                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectLookups       10909812                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectHits           3499839                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectMisses         7409973                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu0.branchPredindirectMispredicted       804124                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                    9799034                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                    7398000                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                       134337                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                        45144                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                    8907313                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                        14417                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                   23                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                        30534689                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles           9647852                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                      59585173                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                   13197360                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches           4489694                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                     19690553                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                2245398                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.MiscStallCycles                8073                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles        65285                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                  8892896                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes               277405                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples          30534462                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             3.735499                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            3.584230                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                12399969     40.61%     40.61% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                  867435      2.84%     43.45% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                 1226464      4.02%     47.47% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                 1389035      4.55%     52.02% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                 1112787      3.64%     55.66% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                 1091917      3.58%     59.24% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                 1020839      3.34%     62.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                  869903      2.85%     65.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                10556113     34.57%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total            30534462                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.432209                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       1.951393                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                 8546298                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles              4366271                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                 15543954                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles               955240                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles               1122699                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts             108353383                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles               1122699                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                 9323959                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles                3355208                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles         26745                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                 15653492                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles              1052359                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts             103133448                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents                 1664                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents                 70185                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LQFullEvents                    26                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu0.rename.SQFullEvents                929886                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands          109597813                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups            259509877                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups       154851835                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.fp_rename_lookups          3255925                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps             66989863                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                42607896                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts              1005                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts          1372                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                   822491                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads            11770962                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores            8847848                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads           486306                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores          192827                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                  92503431                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded              67264                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                 82134133                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued           457304                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       29865786                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     43687668                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         67241                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     30534462                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        2.689883                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       2.531157                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           10078161     33.01%     33.01% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1            2820304      9.24%     42.24% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2            3049053      9.99%     52.23% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3            3027391      9.91%     62.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4            3083592     10.10%     72.24% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5            2751269      9.01%     81.25% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6            3058008     10.01%     91.27% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7            1638683      5.37%     96.63% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8            1028001      3.37%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       30534462                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                 797095     73.65%     73.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     73.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     73.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                13433      1.24%     74.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     74.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     74.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     74.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     74.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     74.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     74.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     74.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     74.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     74.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     74.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     74.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     74.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     74.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     74.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     74.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     74.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     74.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     74.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     74.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     74.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     74.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     74.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     74.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     74.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     74.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     74.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     74.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                102246      9.45%     84.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                81516      7.53%     91.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead              581      0.05%     91.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite           87390      8.07%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass           521775      0.64%      0.64% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu             62182702     75.71%     76.34% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult               73589      0.09%     76.43% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                83759      0.10%     76.54% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            1171240      1.43%     77.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     77.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     77.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     77.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     77.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     77.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     77.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     77.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     77.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     77.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     77.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     77.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     77.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     77.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     77.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     77.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     77.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     77.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     77.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     77.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     77.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     77.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     77.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     77.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     77.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     77.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     77.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     77.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead             9944360     12.11%     90.07% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite            7469170      9.09%     99.16% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead         409235      0.50%     99.66% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite        278303      0.34%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total              82134133                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          2.689863                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                    1082261                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.013177                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads         192369960                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes        119212605                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     76502821                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            3972328                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes           3224985                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1797525                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses              80691896                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses                2002723                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         1186546                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      4269294                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses        12007                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         2238                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores      2694774                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           94                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles               1122699                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles                3383658                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles                 6700                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts           92570695                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts            18118                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts             11770962                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts             8847848                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts             23671                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                   142                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                 6551                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          2238                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        305896                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1173987                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts             1479883                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts             79466918                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts              9791795                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts          2667210                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                    17181403                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                 8579174                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                   7389608                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    2.602513                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                      78907048                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                     78300346                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                 54679026                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                 85508944                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      2.564308                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.639454                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts       29866161                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.commitNonSpecStalls             23                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts          1122003                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     26030052                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     2.408941                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     2.728391                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      9586641     36.83%     36.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      3721295     14.30%     51.13% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      2582086      9.92%     61.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      3477279     13.36%     74.40% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      1115771      4.29%     78.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1131506      4.35%     83.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       800124      3.07%     86.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       456597      1.75%     87.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      3158753     12.14%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     26030052                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts            33103292                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps              62704865                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                      13654736                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                      7501661                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                   7295267                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                   1278493                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                 61744494                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls              454059                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass       254620      0.41%      0.41% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu        47702063     76.07%     76.48% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult          53269      0.08%     76.56% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv           74417      0.12%     76.68% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd        965760      1.54%     78.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     78.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     78.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     78.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     78.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     78.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     78.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     78.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     78.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     78.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     78.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead        7231469     11.53%     89.76% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite       6153075      9.81%     99.57% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead       270192      0.43%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::total         62704865                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events              3158753                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                   115442325                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                  189736019                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                             22                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                            227                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.committedInsts                   33103292                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                     62704865                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                              0.922406                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                        0.922406                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              1.084121                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        1.084121                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads               114602362                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes               61326926                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads                  2529434                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_writes                 1252349                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_reads                 39755716                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_writes                20877063                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads               34899308                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements             5048                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs             983995                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs             5048                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs           194.927694                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data         1024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           45                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          266                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          459                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          250                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         58542148                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses        58542148                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data      8473611                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        8473611                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data      6152901                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       6152901                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data     14626512                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total        14626512                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data     14626512                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total       14626512                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data         4490                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         4490                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data         3273                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         3273                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data         7763                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total          7763                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data         7763                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total         7763                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    266616000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    266616000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    519882000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    519882000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data    786498000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    786498000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data    786498000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    786498000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data      8478101                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8478101                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data      6156174                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      6156174                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data     14634275                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total     14634275                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data     14634275                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total     14634275                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000530                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000530                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000532                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000532                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000530                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000530                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000530                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000530                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 59379.955457                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 59379.955457                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 158839.596700                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 158839.596700                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 101313.667397                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 101313.667397                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 101313.667397                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 101313.667397                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         3781                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total             3781                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data         2676                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         2676                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data           38                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           38                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data         2714                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         2714                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data         2714                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         2714                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         1814                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1814                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         3235                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         3235                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         5049                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         5049                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         5049                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         5049                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    153917000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    153917000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    512785500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    512785500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    666702500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    666702500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    666702500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    666702500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000214                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000214                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000525                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000525                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000345                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000345                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000345                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000345                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84849.503859                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84849.503859                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 158511.746522                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 158511.746522                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 132046.444841                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 132046.444841                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 132046.444841                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 132046.444841                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements              847                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse         1022.000005                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs             233032                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs              847                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs           275.126328                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst  1022.000005                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.998047                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.998047                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1022                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            6                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         1000                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.998047                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses         35572432                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses        35572432                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst      8892014                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        8892014                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst      8892014                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total         8892014                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst      8892014                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total        8892014                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst          882                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          882                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu0.inst          882                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total           882                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu0.inst          882                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total          882                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     11981500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     11981500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     11981500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     11981500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     11981500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     11981500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst      8892896                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8892896                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst      8892896                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total      8892896                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst      8892896                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total      8892896                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000099                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000099                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000099                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000099                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000099                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000099                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 13584.467120                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 13584.467120                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 13584.467120                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 13584.467120                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 13584.467120                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 13584.467120                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::writebacks          847                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total              847                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           34                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          848                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          848                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          848                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          848                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          848                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          848                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     10931000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     10931000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     10931000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     10931000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     10931000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     10931000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000095                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000095                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000095                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000095                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000095                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000095                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 12890.330189                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12890.330189                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 12890.330189                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12890.330189                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 12890.330189                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12890.330189                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu1.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                      3844                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                        16384                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                        4733                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                      3844                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      1.231270                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks       48.493416                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst        23.433073                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     16312.073511                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.002960                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst        0.001430                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.995610                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total                   1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           22                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          229                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         2269                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        13862                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                     98084                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                    98084                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         3781                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total             3781                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks          847                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total              847                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data                 3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                     3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu0.inst            844                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total                844                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data          1212                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total              1212                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.inst                  844                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data                 1215                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                     2059                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.inst                 844                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data                1215                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                    2059                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu0.data              1                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::total                  1                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data            3231                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                3231                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu0.inst            3                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total                3                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data          602                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total             602                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.inst                  3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data               3833                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                   3836                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.inst                 3                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data              3833                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                  3836                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    507870500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     507870500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       793000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total       793000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    138397500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total    138397500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       793000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data    646268000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total        647061000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       793000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data    646268000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total       647061000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         3781                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         3781                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks          847                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total          847                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu0.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total                1                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data          3234                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total              3234                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu0.inst          847                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total            847                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data         1814                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total          1814                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst              847                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data             5048                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total                 5895                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst             847                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data            5048                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total                5895                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total               1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.999072                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.999072                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.003542                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.003542                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.331863                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.331863                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst        0.003542                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.759311                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.650721                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst       0.003542                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.759311                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.650721                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 157186.784277                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 157186.784277                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 264333.333333                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 264333.333333                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 229896.179402                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 229896.179402                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 264333.333333                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 168606.313592                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 168681.178311                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 264333.333333                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 168606.313592                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 168681.178311                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                 3380                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                      3380                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks            7                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total             7                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total             1                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         3231                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           3231                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            3                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          602                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total          602                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst             3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          3833                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total              3836                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            3                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         3833                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total             3836                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data        20500                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        20500                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    475560500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    475560500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       763000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       763000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    132377500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    132377500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       763000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    607938000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    608701000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       763000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    607938000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    608701000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.999072                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999072                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.003542                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003542                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.331863                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.331863                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.003542                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.759311                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.650721                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.003542                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.759311                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.650721                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data        20500                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        20500                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 147186.784277                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 147186.784277                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 254333.333333                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 254333.333333                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 219896.179402                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 219896.179402                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 254333.333333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 158606.313592                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 158681.178311                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 254333.333333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 158606.313592                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 158681.178311                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests          7676                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests         3840                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp                605                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         3380                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict              459                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq                1                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq              3231                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp             3231                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq           605                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port        11512                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total        11512                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  11512                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       461824                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total       461824                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                  461824                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples              3837                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                    3837    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total                3837                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer4.occupancy            22160000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer4.utilization               0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           21119500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        11792                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests         5896                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests           13                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops             12                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops           12                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp              2662                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         7161                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean          847                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict            1731                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq               1                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp              1                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             3234                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp            3234                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq           848                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         1814                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         2542                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        15146                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                 17688                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       108416                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       565056                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total                 673472                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                            3845                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                    216384                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples             9741                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.002669                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.051597                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                   9715     99.73%     99.73% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                     26      0.27%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total               9741                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy           10524000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy           1272000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy           7572500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
