
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.015267                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 15267344125                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               9984843057750                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                               72322201                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                134857860                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              181920672                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1248976                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                    83.92                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  6069499839                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   11317685577                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data       12815680                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total           12815680                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks        18240                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total           18240                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data          200245                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total              200245                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks           285                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total                285                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data         839417773                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             839417773                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks         1194707                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total              1194707                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks         1194707                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data        839417773                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            840612479                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                      200245                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                        285                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                    200245                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                      285                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM               12814336                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                    1344                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                   18432                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                12815680                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys                18240                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                     21                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     4                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0             12352                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1             12395                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2             12535                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3             12365                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4             12236                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5             12302                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6             12532                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7             12480                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8             12372                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9             12402                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10            12545                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11            12725                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12            12850                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13            12663                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14            12953                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15            12517                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3                17                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6                 8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12              109                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13                5                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14              128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15               21                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   15267336000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                200245                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                  285                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                  149812                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                   47051                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                    3336                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                      25                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                     18                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                     18                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                     18                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                     18                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                     18                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                     17                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                     17                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                     17                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                     17                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                     17                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                     17                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                     17                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                     18                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                     18                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                     18                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                     18                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples        97078                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    132.187643                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   113.552296                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev    78.302584                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127        39505     40.69%     40.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255        45583     46.96%     87.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383        10385     10.70%     98.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1433      1.48%     99.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639          145      0.15%     99.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767           17      0.02%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895            1      0.00%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023            4      0.00%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151            5      0.01%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total        97078                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples           18                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean   11527.666667                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean  11139.008884                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev   2779.186572                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4608-5119            1      5.56%      5.56% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::6656-7167            1      5.56%     11.11% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::8192-8703            1      5.56%     16.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::9216-9727            2     11.11%     27.78% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::10752-11263            1      5.56%     33.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::11264-11775            2     11.11%     44.44% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::11776-12287            2     11.11%     55.56% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::12288-12799            3     16.67%     72.22% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::12800-13311            1      5.56%     77.78% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::13824-14335            3     16.67%     94.44% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::15872-16383            1      5.56%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total            18                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples           18                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean             16                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.000000                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16               18    100.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total            18                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                   4824025500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat              8578225500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                 1001120000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     24093.14                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                42843.14                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       839.33                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                         1.21                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    839.42                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                      1.19                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         6.57                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     6.56                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.33                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      25.77                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                   103178                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                     253                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 51.53                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                90.04                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                      76134.92                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    51.59                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                343441140                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                182550885                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy               708266580                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy                 130500                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         1205309040.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy           1633141770                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             24537120                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy      5163173430                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy       114910560                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy                0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy             9375461025                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            614.085918                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime          11620145625                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE      9684000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     509860000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    298894000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    3126958000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  11321948125                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                349717200                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                185860125                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy               721332780                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy                1372860                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         1204694400.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy           1661131620                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             24432480                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy      5161327200                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy        92999520                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy                0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy             9402868185                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            615.881067                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime          11561457875                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE      9474000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     509600000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    242176500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    3186787250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  11319306375                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups                1449971                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted          1449971                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect            55850                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups             1091961                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                  33904                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect              4975                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectLookups        1091961                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectHits            624979                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectMisses          466982                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu0.branchPredindirectMispredicted        16316                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                     647164                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                      34142                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                       134129                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                          629                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                    1225716                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                         2774                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                    0                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                        30534688                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles           1251243                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                       4133454                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                    1449971                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches            658883                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                     29168133                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                 113360                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.TlbCycles                      2311                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.cpu0.fetch.MiscStallCycles                 568                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles        24098                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                  1222942                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes                 5220                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.ItlbSquashes                     11                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples          30503033                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             0.271866                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            1.313652                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                28876274     94.67%     94.67% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                   17260      0.06%     94.72% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                  622996      2.04%     96.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                   18116      0.06%     96.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                  115230      0.38%     97.20% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                   48977      0.16%     97.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                   73389      0.24%     97.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                   17332      0.06%     97.66% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                  713459      2.34%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total            30503033                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.047486                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       0.135369                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                  596756                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles             28807107                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                   759422                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles               283068                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles                 56680                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts               6726214                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles                 56680                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                  675099                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles               27618328                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles         12256                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                   889133                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles              1251537                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts               6460645                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents                68081                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents                960339                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LQFullEvents                254237                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu0.rename.SQFullEvents                   228                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands            7710406                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups             18098888                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups         8373065                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.fp_rename_lookups            22590                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps              2632467                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                 5077939                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts               322                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts           366                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                  1830033                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads             1198356                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores              49683                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads             2604                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores            2375                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                   6163369                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded               2767                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                  4308227                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued             3815                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined        3968552                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      8570334                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          2767                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     30503033                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        0.141239                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       0.678782                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           28697792     94.08%     94.08% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1             731211      2.40%     96.48% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2             383028      1.26%     97.73% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3             254669      0.83%     98.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4             276664      0.91%     99.48% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5              66399      0.22%     99.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6              59637      0.20%     99.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7              18584      0.06%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8              15049      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       30503033                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                   6868     64.64%     64.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     64.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     64.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                  728      6.85%     71.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     71.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     71.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     71.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     71.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     71.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     71.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     71.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     71.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     71.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     71.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     71.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     71.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     71.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     71.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     71.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     71.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     71.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     71.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     71.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     71.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     71.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     71.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     71.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     71.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     71.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     71.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     71.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                  2764     26.01%     97.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                  198      1.86%     99.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead               16      0.15%     99.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite              51      0.48%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            12016      0.28%      0.28% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu              3570165     82.87%     83.15% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                 506      0.01%     83.16% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                 6122      0.14%     83.30% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd               9063      0.21%     83.51% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     83.51% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     83.51% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     83.51% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     83.51% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     83.51% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     83.51% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     83.51% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     83.51% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     83.51% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     83.51% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     83.51% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     83.51% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     83.51% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     83.51% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     83.51% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     83.51% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     83.51% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     83.51% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     83.51% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     83.51% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     83.51% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     83.51% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     83.51% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     83.51% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     83.51% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     83.51% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     83.51% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead              672484     15.61%     99.12% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite              36494      0.85%     99.97% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead           1168      0.03%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite           209      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total               4308227                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          0.141093                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                      10625                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.002466                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads          39112044                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes         10116182                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      4145192                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads              21883                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes             18510                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses         9917                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses               4295585                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses                  11251                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads            2854                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       773735                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          122                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            4                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        31991                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           17                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked         1188                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles                 56680                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles               25973813                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles               255359                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts            6166136                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts             3314                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts              1198356                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts               49683                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts              1083                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                 16649                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                58551                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             4                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         31162                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        30544                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts               61706                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts              4241924                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts               646978                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts            66303                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                      681110                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                  500874                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                     34132                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    0.138921                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                       4166730                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                      4155109                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                  3078827                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                  4786318                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      0.136078                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.643256                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts        3969259                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts            56677                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     29949886                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.073375                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     0.488069                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     28967076     96.72%     96.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       464414      1.55%     98.27% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       104074      0.35%     98.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       295483      0.99%     99.60% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        55441      0.19%     99.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        26444      0.09%     99.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         4015      0.01%     99.89% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         3013      0.01%     99.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        29926      0.10%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     29949886                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts             1099624                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps               2197584                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                        442313                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                       424621                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                    402410                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                      7054                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                  2190437                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls                3125                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass         2129      0.10%      0.10% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu         1741840     79.26%     79.36% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult            125      0.01%     79.36% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv            5141      0.23%     79.60% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd          6036      0.27%     79.87% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     79.87% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     79.87% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.87% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.87% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     79.87% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     79.87% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.87% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     79.87% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.87% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     79.87% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     79.87% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     79.87% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     79.87% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     79.87% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.87% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.87% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.87% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     79.87% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.87% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.87% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.87% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.87% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.87% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     79.87% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.87% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.87% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.87% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead         423603     19.28%     99.15% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite         17692      0.81%     99.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead         1018      0.05%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::total          2197584                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events                29926                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                    36086803                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                   12887932                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                            250                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                          31655                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.committedInsts                    1099624                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                      2197584                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                             27.768299                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                       27.768299                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              0.036012                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        0.036012                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads                 4059868                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes                3623555                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads                    17703                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_writes                    8782                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_reads                  2642436                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_writes                 1107053                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads                2267670                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements           224750                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs             257870                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           224750                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs             1.147364                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data         1024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          118                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          794                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          112                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          2859694                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses         2859694                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data       239050                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         239050                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data        16948                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         16948                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data       255998                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total          255998                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data       255998                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total         255998                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data       401994                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       401994                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data          744                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          744                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data       402738                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total        402738                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data       402738                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total       402738                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  35096702500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  35096702500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     25996998                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     25996998                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  35122699498                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  35122699498                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  35122699498                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  35122699498                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data       641044                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       641044                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data        17692                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        17692                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data       658736                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total       658736                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data       658736                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total       658736                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.627093                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.627093                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.042053                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.042053                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.611380                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.611380                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.611380                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.611380                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 87306.533182                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 87306.533182                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 34942.201613                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 34942.201613                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 87209.797680                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 87209.797680                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 87209.797680                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 87209.797680                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        13777                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs              739                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    18.642760                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1877                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total             1877                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       177983                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       177983                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data            5                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       177988                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       177988                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       177988                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       177988                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       224011                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       224011                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          739                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          739                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       224750                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       224750                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       224750                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       224750                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19506527500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  19506527500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     24939998                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     24939998                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19531467498                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  19531467498                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19531467498                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  19531467498                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.349447                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.349447                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.041770                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.041770                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.341184                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.341184                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.341184                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.341184                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 87078.435880                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 87078.435880                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 33748.305819                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 33748.305819                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 86903.081192                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 86903.081192                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 86903.081192                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 86903.081192                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse                1019                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst         1019                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.995117                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.995117                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1019                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         1019                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.995117                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses          4891768                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses         4891768                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst      1222942                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        1222942                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst      1222942                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total         1222942                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst      1222942                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total        1222942                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst      1222942                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1222942                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst      1222942                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total      1222942                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst      1222942                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total      1222942                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu1.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                    200246                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                        16384                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                      240244                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                    200246                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      1.199744                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks       12.974119                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     16371.025881                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.000792                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.999208                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total                   1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          119                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1         1173                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2        10477                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         4586                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           29                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                   3793878                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                  3793878                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         1877                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total             1877                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data               566                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                   566                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data         23939                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total             23939                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data                24505                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                    24505                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data               24505                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                   24505                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data             173                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                 173                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data       200072                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total          200072                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data             200245                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 200245                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data            200245                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                200245                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     17618000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      17618000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18894770000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total  18894770000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18912388000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      18912388000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18912388000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     18912388000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         1877                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         1877                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data           739                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total               739                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data       224011                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        224011                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data           224750                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               224750                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data          224750                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              224750                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.234100                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.234100                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.893135                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.893135                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.890968                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.890968                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.890968                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.890968                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 101838.150289                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 101838.150289                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94439.851653                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 94439.851653                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94446.243352                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 94446.243352                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94446.243352                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 94446.243352                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                  285                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                       285                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          173                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            173                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       200072                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total       200072                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        200245                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            200245                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       200245                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           200245                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     15888000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     15888000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16894050000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  16894050000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16909938000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  16909938000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16909938000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  16909938000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.234100                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.234100                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.893135                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.893135                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.890968                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.890968                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.890968                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.890968                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 91838.150289                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 91838.150289                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84439.851653                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84439.851653                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84446.243352                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84446.243352                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84446.243352                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84446.243352                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        400487                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       200246                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             200071                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          285                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict           199957                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq               173                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp              173                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        200072                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       600731                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total       600731                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 600731                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     12833856                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total     12833856                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                12833856                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            200245                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                  200245    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              200245                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer4.occupancy           471654000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer4.utilization               3.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         1080626500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              7.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       449500                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       224748                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests          529                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops              4                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            4                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp            224011                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         2162                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict          422834                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq              739                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp             739                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       224011                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       674250                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                674250                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     14504128                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total               14504128                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                          200246                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                     18240                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples           424996                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.001249                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.035325                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                 424465     99.88%     99.88% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                    531      0.12%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total             424996                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy          226627000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              1.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy         337125000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             2.2                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
