
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.015267                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 15267344125                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               10839814328750                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                               60448211                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                113110532                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              146276167                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1248976                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   104.37                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  6309184018                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   11805730260                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.inst          20928                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data       10038976                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total           10059904                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst        20928                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total         20928                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks      9943936                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total         9943936                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.inst             327                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data          156859                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total              157186                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks        155374                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total             155374                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.inst           1370769                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data         657545669                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             658916437                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst      1370769                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total          1370769                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks       651320617                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total            651320617                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks       651320617                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.inst          1370769                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data        657545669                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total           1310237055                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                      157186                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                     155374                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                    157186                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                   155374                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM               10059904                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                       0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                 9943936                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                10059904                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys              9943936                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                      0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0             10155                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1             10183                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2             10128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3             10068                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4              9750                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5              9364                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6              9591                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7              9606                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8              9548                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9              9578                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10             9893                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11             9690                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12             9543                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13             9768                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14            10176                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15            10145                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0             10009                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1             10115                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2              9854                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3              9978                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4              9619                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5              9338                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6              9447                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7              9304                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8              9348                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9              9563                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10             9834                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11             9665                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12             9412                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13             9731                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14            10094                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15            10063                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   15267351000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                157186                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6               155374                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                  156250                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                     606                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                     216                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                      99                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                      14                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                     20                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                     20                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                   9619                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                   9664                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                   9685                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                   9699                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                   9727                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                   9723                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                   9709                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                   9713                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                   9722                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                   9718                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                   9716                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                   9734                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                   9724                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                   9725                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                   9720                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                   9717                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples        27336                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    731.757682                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   586.755132                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   348.767790                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127         1608      5.88%      5.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255         2176      7.96%     13.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383         1965      7.19%     21.03% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1956      7.16%     28.19% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639         2022      7.40%     35.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767         1459      5.34%     40.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1496      5.47%     46.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          922      3.37%     49.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151        13732     50.23%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total        27336                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples         9705                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean      16.196394                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     16.131949                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev      1.890764                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4-7               6      0.06%      0.06% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::8-11             35      0.36%      0.42% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::12-15            91      0.94%      1.36% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::16-19          9378     96.63%     97.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::20-23           132      1.36%     99.35% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::24-27            36      0.37%     99.72% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::28-31             9      0.09%     99.81% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::36-39             2      0.02%     99.84% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::40-43             4      0.04%     99.88% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::44-47             4      0.04%     99.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::48-51             5      0.05%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::72-75             1      0.01%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::76-79             2      0.02%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total          9705                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples         9705                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      16.009686                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.008725                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.189668                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16             9675     99.69%     99.69% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::17                3      0.03%     99.72% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18                7      0.07%     99.79% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::19               11      0.11%     99.91% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::20                3      0.03%     99.94% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::21                4      0.04%     99.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::22                2      0.02%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total          9705                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                   2895151000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat              5842388500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                  785930000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     18418.63                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                37168.63                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       658.92                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                       651.32                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    658.92                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                    651.32                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                        10.24                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     5.15                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    5.09                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.01                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      26.15                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                   143609                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                  141615                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 91.36                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                91.14                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                      48846.14                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    91.25                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                 97917960                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                 52040835                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy               562953300                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy              405406080                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         751704720.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy           1515449310                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             61904640                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy      2080171110                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy       327051840                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy       1576125540                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy             7430826375                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            486.713754                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime          11782431625                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE     42627000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     318628000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF   6369076625                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    851676000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    3123646500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   4561690000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                 97261080                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                 51699285                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy               559354740                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy              405646200                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         751090080.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy           1523753070                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             64384320                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy      2072288580                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy       318538080                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy       1580779620                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy             7424998425                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            486.332028                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime          11755782875                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE     47369750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     318446000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF   6383637000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    829456500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    3144021250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   4544413625                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups                1243069                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted          1243069                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect             5762                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups             1236230                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                   3427                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect               706                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectLookups        1236230                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectHits           1204088                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectMisses           32142                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu0.branchPredindirectMispredicted         4009                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                     345734                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                    1231189                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                          634                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                         2631                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                      46399                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                          218                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                   50                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                        30534688                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles             66774                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                       5454956                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                    1243069                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches           1207515                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                     30432005                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                  12060                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.MiscStallCycles                 135                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles          844                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                    46258                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes                 1707                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples          30505788                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             0.360860                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            1.610537                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                28902068     94.74%     94.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                   39349      0.13%     94.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                   42028      0.14%     95.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                  224208      0.73%     95.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                   26480      0.09%     95.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                    8370      0.03%     95.86% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                    8620      0.03%     95.89% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                   24524      0.08%     95.97% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                 1230141      4.03%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total            30505788                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.040710                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       0.178648                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                  380398                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles             28738629                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                   632847                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles               747884                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles                  6030                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts              10950918                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles                  6030                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                  657153                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles                 220379                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles         12935                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                  1102947                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles             28506344                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts              10922050                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents                 1123                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents                 18786                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LQFullEvents                  5182                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu0.rename.SQFullEvents              28211497                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands           13934070                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups             23075321                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups        12543462                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.fp_rename_lookups           304450                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps             13701881                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                  232189                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts               120                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts           132                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                  4765773                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads              354703                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores            1238075                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads            20502                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores           17183                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                  10869936                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded                687                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                 10815613                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued             1753                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined         150722                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       219548                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           577                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     30505788                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        0.354543                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       1.222166                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           27558464     90.34%     90.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1             470029      1.54%     91.88% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2             523722      1.72%     93.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3             348474      1.14%     94.74% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4             296866      0.97%     95.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5             999463      3.28%     98.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6             117599      0.39%     99.37% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7             167023      0.55%     99.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8              24148      0.08%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       30505788                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                  72317     94.34%     94.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     94.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     94.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                  368      0.48%     94.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     94.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     94.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     94.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     94.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     94.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     94.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     94.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     94.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     94.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     94.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     94.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     94.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     94.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     94.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     94.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     94.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     94.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     94.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     94.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     94.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     94.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     94.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     94.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     94.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     94.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     94.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     94.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                   799      1.04%     95.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                  195      0.25%     96.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead             2788      3.64%     99.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite             188      0.25%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass             4019      0.04%      0.04% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu              9146825     84.57%     84.61% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                  85      0.00%     84.61% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                  272      0.00%     84.61% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd              83814      0.77%     85.39% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     85.39% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     85.39% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     85.39% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     85.39% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     85.39% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     85.39% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     85.39% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     85.39% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     85.39% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     85.39% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     85.39% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     85.39% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     85.39% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     85.39% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     85.39% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     85.39% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     85.39% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     85.39% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     85.39% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     85.39% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     85.39% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     85.39% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     85.39% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     85.39% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     85.39% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.39% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     85.39% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead              301881      2.79%     88.18% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite            1194328     11.04%     99.22% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead          46247      0.43%     99.65% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite         38142      0.35%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total              10815613                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          0.354207                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                      76655                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.007087                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads          51840249                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes         10817368                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     10611261                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads             375173                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            204152                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       184069                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses              10699030                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses                 189219                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads            2022                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        20728                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           46                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          182                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        11315                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           19                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked          589                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles                  6030                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles                  53570                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles               136929                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts           10870623                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts              790                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts               354703                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts             1238075                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts               303                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                   353                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents               136406                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           182                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect          1634                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         5655                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts                7289                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts             10802082                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts               345583                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts            13531                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                     1576752                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                 1219737                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                   1231169                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    0.353764                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                      10798040                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                     10795330                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                  7874591                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                 11007774                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      0.353543                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.715366                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts         150951                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.commitNonSpecStalls            110                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts             5890                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     30481631                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.351684                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.248111                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     27624641     90.63%     90.63% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       337342      1.11%     91.73% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       324156      1.06%     92.80% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      1082036      3.55%     96.35% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        65654      0.22%     96.56% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       663422      2.18%     98.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        72235      0.24%     98.98% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        22157      0.07%     99.05% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       289988      0.95%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     30481631                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts             5294878                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps              10719901                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                       1560735                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                       333975                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                         40                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                   1213874                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                    180780                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                 10622466                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls                1044                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass         2232      0.02%      0.02% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu         9074649     84.65%     84.67% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult             66      0.00%     84.67% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv             220      0.00%     84.68% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd         81999      0.76%     85.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     85.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     85.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     85.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     85.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     85.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     85.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     85.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     85.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     85.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     85.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     85.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     85.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead         289790      2.70%     88.14% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite       1189082     11.09%     99.24% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead        44185      0.41%     99.65% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite        37678      0.35%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::total         10719901                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events               289988                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                    41062495                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                   21766282                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                            261                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                          28900                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.committedInsts                    5294878                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                     10719901                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                              5.766835                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                        5.766835                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              0.173405                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        0.173405                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads                12348693                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes                8197875                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads                   285870                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_writes                  145227                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_reads                  6085544                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_writes                 5445215                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads                4022680                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements           156911                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs            1410165                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           156911                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs             8.987037                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data         1024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          108                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          916                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          6434719                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses         6434719                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data       339001                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         339001                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data      1071159                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       1071159                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data      1410160                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total         1410160                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data      1410160                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total        1410160                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data         3681                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         3681                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data       155611                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       155611                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data       159292                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total        159292                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data       159292                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total       159292                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    344182500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    344182500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  14040576997                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  14040576997                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  14384759497                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  14384759497                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  14384759497                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  14384759497                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data       342682                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       342682                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data      1226770                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1226770                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data      1569452                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1569452                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data      1569452                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1569452                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.010742                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010742                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.126846                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.126846                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.101495                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.101495                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.101495                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.101495                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 93502.444988                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 93502.444988                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 90228.692040                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 90228.692040                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 90304.343577                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 90304.343577                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 90304.343577                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 90304.343577                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        15710                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets          202                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs              174                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              2                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    90.287356                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          101                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       155952                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total           155952                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data         2364                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         2364                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data         2376                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         2376                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data         2376                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         2376                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         1317                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1317                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       155599                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       155599                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       156916                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       156916                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       156916                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       156916                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    139419500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    139419500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13884108497                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  13884108497                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  14023527997                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  14023527997                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  14023527997                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  14023527997                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.003843                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003843                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.126836                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.126836                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.099981                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.099981                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.099981                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.099981                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 105861.427487                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105861.427487                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 89230.062513                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 89230.062513                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 89369.649985                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 89369.649985                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 89369.649985                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 89369.649985                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements              610                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse         1019.999428                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs              14520                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs              610                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs            23.803279                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst  1019.999428                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.996093                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.996093                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1020                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          209                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          811                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.996094                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses           185647                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses          185647                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst        45511                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          45511                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst        45511                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total           45511                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst        45511                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total          45511                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst          747                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          747                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu0.inst          747                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total           747                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu0.inst          747                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total          747                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     46468500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     46468500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     46468500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     46468500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     46468500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     46468500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst        46258                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        46258                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst        46258                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total        46258                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst        46258                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total        46258                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.016149                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.016149                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.016149                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.016149                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.016149                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.016149                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 62206.827309                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 62206.827309                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 62206.827309                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 62206.827309                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 62206.827309                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 62206.827309                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::writebacks          610                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total              610                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst          132                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          132                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst          132                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          132                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst          132                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          132                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          615                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          615                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          615                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          615                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          615                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          615                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     38980500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     38980500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     38980500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     38980500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     38980500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     38980500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.013295                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.013295                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.013295                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.013295                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.013295                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.013295                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 63382.926829                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 63382.926829                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 63382.926829                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 63382.926829                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 63382.926829                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 63382.926829                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu1.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                    157721                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                        16384                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                      157203                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                    157721                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      0.996716                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks       55.364115                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst        33.500223                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     16295.135663                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.003379                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst        0.002045                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.994576                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total                   1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          108                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          955                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         9545                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         5776                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                   2677897                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                  2677897                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks       155952                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total           155952                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks          609                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total              609                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu0.data                5                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total                    5                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data                17                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                    17                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu0.inst            284                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total                284                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data            35                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total                35                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.inst                  284                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data                   52                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                      336                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.inst                 284                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data                  52                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                     336                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data          155577                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total              155577                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu0.inst          327                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total              327                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data         1282                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total            1282                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.inst                327                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data             156859                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 157186                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.inst               327                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data            156859                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                157186                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13650450500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   13650450500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     35048500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total     35048500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    137007500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total    137007500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     35048500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13787458000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      13822506500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     35048500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13787458000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     13822506500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks       155952                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       155952                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks          609                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total          609                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu0.data            5                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total                5                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data        155594                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total            155594                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu0.inst          611                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total            611                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data         1317                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total          1317                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst              611                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data           156911                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               157522                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst             611                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data          156911                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              157522                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.999891                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.999891                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.535188                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.535188                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.973424                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.973424                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst        0.535188                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.999669                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.997867                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst       0.535188                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.999669                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.997867                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 87740.800375                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 87740.800375                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 107181.957187                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 107181.957187                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 106870.124805                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 106870.124805                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 107181.957187                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 87897.143294                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 87937.262224                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 107181.957187                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 87897.143294                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 87937.262224                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks               155374                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                    155374                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       155577                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total         155577                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          327                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total          327                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         1282                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total         1282                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst           327                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        156859                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            157186                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          327                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       156859                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           157186                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  12094680500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  12094680500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     31778500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     31778500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    124187500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    124187500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     31778500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  12218868000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  12250646500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     31778500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  12218868000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  12250646500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.999891                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999891                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.535188                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.535188                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.973424                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.973424                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.535188                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.999669                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.997867                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.535188                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.999669                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.997867                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 77740.800375                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77740.800375                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 97181.957187                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 97181.957187                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 96870.124805                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 96870.124805                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 97181.957187                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 77897.143294                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77937.262224                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 97181.957187                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 77897.143294                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77937.262224                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        314217                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       157047                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               1609                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       155374                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict             1657                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            155577                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           155577                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq          1609                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       471403                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total       471403                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 471403                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     20003840                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total     20003840                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                20003840                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            157186                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                  157186    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              157186                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer4.occupancy           936232000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer4.utilization               6.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy          826683250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              5.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       315052                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       157522                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests           97                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops            781                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops          781                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp              1932                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       311326                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean          610                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict            3306                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq               5                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp              5                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq           155594                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp          155594                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq           615                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         1317                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         1836                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       470743                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                472579                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        78144                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     20023232                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total               20101376                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                          157725                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                   9944192                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples           315252                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.002785                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.052700                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                 314374     99.72%     99.72% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                    878      0.28%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total             315252                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy          314088000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              2.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy            922500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy         235369998                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             1.5                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
