
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.015267                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 15267344125                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               6580225317875                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                               65846308                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                122402034                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              172802909                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1248976                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                    88.35                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  5817598058                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   10814364446                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data       12592000                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total           12592000                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks        24448                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total           24448                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data          196750                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total              196750                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks           382                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total                382                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data         824766894                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             824766894                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks         1601326                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total              1601326                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks         1601326                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data        824766894                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            826368221                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                      196750                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                        382                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                    196750                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                      382                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM               12588736                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                    3264                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                   24832                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                12592000                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys                24448                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                     51                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     1                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0             12392                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1             12169                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2             11953                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3             12236                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4             12450                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5             12068                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6             12289                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7             12198                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8             12335                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9             12180                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10            11787                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11            12188                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12            12720                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13            12803                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14            12341                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15            12590                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0               128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1                76                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3                22                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6                11                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12              137                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15               14                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   15267353000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                196750                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                  382                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                  149365                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                   44535                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                    2774                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                      25                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                     24                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                     24                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                     24                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                     24                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                     23                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                     23                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                     23                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                     23                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                     23                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                     23                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                     23                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                     24                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                     24                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                     24                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                     24                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                     24                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples        97345                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    129.576578                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   111.370029                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev    77.214607                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127        41241     42.37%     42.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255        44824     46.05%     88.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383         9764     10.03%     98.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1350      1.39%     99.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639          136      0.14%     99.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767           15      0.02%     99.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895            3      0.00%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023            5      0.01%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151            7      0.01%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total        97345                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples           24                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean    8240.500000                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean   8101.610024                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev   1532.523126                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::5632-6143            2      8.33%      8.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::6144-6655            4     16.67%     25.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::7168-7679            2      8.33%     33.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::7680-8191            3     12.50%     45.83% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::8192-8703            4     16.67%     62.50% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::8704-9215            4     16.67%     79.17% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::9728-10239            2      8.33%     87.50% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::10240-10751            1      4.17%     91.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::10752-11263            2      8.33%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total            24                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples           24                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      16.166667                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.157817                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.564660                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16               22     91.67%     91.67% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18                2      8.33%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total            24                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                   4791921250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat              8480027500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                  983495000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     24361.70                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                43111.70                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       824.55                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                         1.63                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    824.77                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                      1.60                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         6.45                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     6.44                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.32                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      25.62                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                    99409                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                     334                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 50.54                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                87.66                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                      77447.36                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    50.61                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                346075800                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                183947445                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy               697970700                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy                1237140                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         1205309040.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy           1635142470                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             24510720                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy      5162373150                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy       113926080                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy                0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy             9370492545                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            613.760486                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime          11618392500                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE      9594000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     509860000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    296699000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    3129466000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  11321725125                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                348960360                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                185476830                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy               706460160                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy                 788220                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         1205309040.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy           1645576890                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             24296160                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy      5206896420                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy        67860480                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy                0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy             9391624560                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            615.144617                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime          11595441000                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE      9036000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     509860000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    176716500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    3152675500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  11419056125                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups                1297582                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted          1297582                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect            49078                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups             1023372                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                  32516                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect              4668                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectLookups        1023372                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectHits            561096                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectMisses          462276                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu0.branchPredindirectMispredicted        16104                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                     619443                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                      39562                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                       137066                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                          730                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                    1101625                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                         2449                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                    0                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                        30534688                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles           1123812                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                       3729924                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                    1297582                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches            593612                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                     29300665                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                  99692                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.TlbCycles                      1974                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.cpu0.fetch.MiscStallCycles                 545                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles        22775                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                  1099176                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes                 5784                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.ItlbSquashes                     10                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples          30499617                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             0.245532                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            1.248251                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                29024568     95.16%     95.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                   17066      0.06%     95.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                  560336      1.84%     97.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                   19796      0.06%     97.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                  108105      0.35%     97.48% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                   43925      0.14%     97.62% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                   75317      0.25%     97.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                   16465      0.05%     97.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                  634039      2.08%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total            30499617                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.042495                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       0.122154                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                  530433                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles             28969234                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                   672592                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles               277512                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles                 49846                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts               6202956                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles                 49846                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                  608851                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles               27867071                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles         10851                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                   800644                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles              1162354                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts               5970472                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents                41089                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents                956526                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LQFullEvents                152960                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu0.rename.SQFullEvents                   619                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands            7132914                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups             16693243                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups         7790746                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.fp_rename_lookups            29824                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps              2741923                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                 4390992                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts               186                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts           234                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                  1783229                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads             1083826                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores              56297                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads             3801                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores            3216                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                   5690036                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded               3362                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                  4101185                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued             4450                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined        3411110                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      7319450                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          3362                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     30499617                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        0.134467                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       0.660085                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           28749541     94.26%     94.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1             730318      2.39%     96.66% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2             376375      1.23%     97.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3             250235      0.82%     98.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4             238395      0.78%     99.49% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5              64119      0.21%     99.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6              56115      0.18%     99.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7              19605      0.06%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8              14914      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       30499617                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                   8193     67.50%     67.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     67.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     67.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                  898      7.40%     74.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     74.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     74.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     74.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     74.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     74.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     74.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     74.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     74.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     74.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     74.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     74.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     74.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     74.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     74.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     74.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     74.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     74.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     74.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     74.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     74.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     74.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     74.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     74.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     74.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     74.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     74.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     74.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                  2677     22.06%     96.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                  196      1.61%     98.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead              102      0.84%     99.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite              71      0.58%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            12420      0.30%      0.30% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu              3381928     82.46%     82.77% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                 690      0.02%     82.78% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                 8172      0.20%     82.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd              11367      0.28%     83.26% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     83.26% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     83.26% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     83.26% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     83.26% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     83.26% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     83.26% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     83.26% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     83.26% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     83.26% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     83.26% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     83.26% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     83.26% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     83.26% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     83.26% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     83.26% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     83.26% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     83.26% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     83.26% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     83.26% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     83.26% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     83.26% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     83.26% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     83.26% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     83.26% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     83.26% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     83.26% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     83.26% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead              642032     15.65%     98.91% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite              42076      1.03%     99.94% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead           2211      0.05%     99.99% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite           289      0.01%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total               4101185                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          0.134312                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                      12137                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.002959                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads          38689554                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes          9079525                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      3949362                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads              29020                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes             24984                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses        12677                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses               4085945                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses                  14957                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads            3779                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       655667                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           91                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            2                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        32332                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           29                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked         1282                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles                 49846                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles               26423604                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles               243303                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts            5693398                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts             2947                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts              1083826                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts               56297                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts              1241                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                 14796                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                43695                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             2                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         26631                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        28298                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts               54929                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts              4038707                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts               619252                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts            62478                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                      658809                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                  496820                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                     39557                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    0.132266                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                       3973569                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                      3962039                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                  2881114                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                  4619240                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      0.129755                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.623720                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts        3411546                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts            49846                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     30024330                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.076015                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     0.502506                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     29016648     96.64%     96.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       465882      1.55%     98.20% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       115414      0.38%     98.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       309600      1.03%     99.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        47617      0.16%     99.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        24808      0.08%     99.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         4575      0.02%     99.87% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         3468      0.01%     99.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        36318      0.12%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     30024330                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts             1143251                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps               2282288                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                        452124                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                       428159                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                    409925                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                      9752                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                  2272527                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls                4225                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass         2905      0.13%      0.13% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu         1811729     79.38%     79.51% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult            169      0.01%     79.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv            7057      0.31%     79.83% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd          8304      0.36%     80.19% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     80.19% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     80.19% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     80.19% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.19% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     80.19% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     80.19% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     80.19% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     80.19% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     80.19% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     80.19% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     80.19% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     80.19% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     80.19% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     80.19% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.19% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     80.19% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     80.19% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     80.19% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     80.19% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     80.19% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     80.19% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     80.19% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     80.19% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     80.19% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     80.19% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.19% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     80.19% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead         426711     18.70%     98.89% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite         23965      1.05%     99.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead         1448      0.06%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::total          2282288                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events                36318                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                    35681846                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                   11864144                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                            258                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                          35071                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.committedInsts                    1143251                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                      2282288                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                             26.708648                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                       26.708648                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              0.037441                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        0.037441                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads                 4040424                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes                3430751                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads                    22302                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_writes                   11034                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_reads                  2648407                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_writes                 1112796                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads                2141882                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements           225747                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs             237153                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           225747                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs             1.050526                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data         1024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          146                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          786                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           92                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          2769827                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses         2769827                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data       215482                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         215482                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data        23095                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         23095                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data       238577                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total          238577                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data       238577                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total         238577                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data       396573                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       396573                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data          870                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          870                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data       397443                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total        397443                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data       397443                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total       397443                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  34135637500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  34135637500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     32801000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     32801000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  34168438500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  34168438500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  34168438500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  34168438500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data       612055                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       612055                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data        23965                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        23965                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data       636020                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total       636020                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data       636020                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total       636020                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.647937                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.647937                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.036303                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.036303                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.624891                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.624891                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.624891                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.624891                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 86076.554632                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 86076.554632                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 37702.298851                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 37702.298851                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 85970.663718                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 85970.663718                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 85970.663718                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 85970.663718                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        17972                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets           75                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs              879                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    20.445961                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets           75                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         2161                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total             2161                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       171688                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       171688                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data            8                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       171696                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       171696                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       171696                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       171696                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       224885                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       224885                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          862                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          862                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       225747                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       225747                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       225747                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       225747                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19272608500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  19272608500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     31226000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     31226000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19303834500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  19303834500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19303834500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  19303834500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.367426                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.367426                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.035969                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.035969                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.354937                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.354937                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.354937                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.354937                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 85699.839918                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 85699.839918                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 36225.058005                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 36225.058005                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 85510.923733                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 85510.923733                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 85510.923733                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 85510.923733                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse                1021                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst         1021                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.997070                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.997070                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1021                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         1021                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.997070                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses          4396704                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses         4396704                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst      1099176                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        1099176                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst      1099176                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total         1099176                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst      1099176                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total        1099176                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst      1099176                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1099176                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst      1099176                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total      1099176                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst      1099176                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total      1099176                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu1.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                    196751                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                        16384                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                      250418                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                    196751                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      1.272766                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks       12.995336                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     16371.004664                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.000793                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.999207                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total                   1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          143                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1         1192                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2        11071                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         3947                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           31                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                   3806103                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                  3806103                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         2161                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total             2161                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data               636                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                   636                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data         28361                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total             28361                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data                28997                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                    28997                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data               28997                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                   28997                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data             226                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                 226                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data       196524                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total          196524                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data             196750                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 196750                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data            196750                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                196750                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     22951500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      22951500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18612512500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total  18612512500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18635464000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      18635464000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18635464000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     18635464000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         2161                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         2161                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data           862                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total               862                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data       224885                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        224885                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data           225747                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               225747                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data          225747                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              225747                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.262181                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.262181                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.873887                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.873887                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.871551                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.871551                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.871551                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.871551                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 101555.309735                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 101555.309735                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94708.597932                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 94708.597932                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94716.462516                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 94716.462516                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94716.462516                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 94716.462516                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                  382                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                       382                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          226                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            226                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       196524                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total       196524                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        196750                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            196750                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       196750                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           196750                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     20691500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     20691500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16647272500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  16647272500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16667964000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  16667964000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16667964000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  16667964000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.262181                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.262181                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.873887                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.873887                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.871551                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.871551                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.871551                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.871551                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 91555.309735                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 91555.309735                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84708.597932                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84708.597932                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84716.462516                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84716.462516                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84716.462516                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84716.462516                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        393495                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       196750                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             196524                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          382                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict           196363                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq               226                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp              226                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        196524                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       590245                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total       590245                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 590245                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     12616448                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total     12616448                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                12616448                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            196750                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                  196750    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              196750                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer4.occupancy           465029500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer4.utilization               3.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         1062862000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              7.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       451494                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       225747                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests          583                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops              6                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            6                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp            224885                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         2543                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict          419955                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq              862                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp             862                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       224885                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       677241                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                677241                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     14586112                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total               14586112                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                          196751                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                     24448                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples           422498                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.001394                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.037312                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                 421909     99.86%     99.86% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                    589      0.14%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total             422498                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy          227908000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              1.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy         338620500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             2.2                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
