
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.015267                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 15267344125                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               10916151049375                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                               48002746                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                 89887410                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              115337536                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1248976                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   132.37                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  6354169446                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   11898484264                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.inst            128                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data       13233280                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total           13233408                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst          128                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total           128                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks     10921024                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total        10921024                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.inst               2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data          206770                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total              206772                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks        170641                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total             170641                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.inst              8384                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data         866770271                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             866778655                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst         8384                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total             8384                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks       715319175                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total            715319175                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks       715319175                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.inst             8384                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data        866770271                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total           1582097829                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                      206771                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                     170641                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                    206771                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                   170641                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM               13233280                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                      64                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                10921280                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                13233344                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys             10921024                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                      1                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0             12904                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1             12871                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2             12745                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3             12863                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4             12961                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5             13020                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6             12895                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7             12995                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8             13078                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9             12945                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10            13028                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11            12864                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12            12870                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13            12893                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14            12932                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15            12906                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0             10628                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1             10610                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2             10529                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3             10629                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4             10650                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5             10759                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6             10677                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7             10777                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8             10798                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9             10695                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10            10740                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11            10633                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12            10595                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13            10634                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14            10668                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15            10623                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   15267315000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                206771                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6               170641                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                  150354                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                   51936                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                    4474                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                       6                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                   8417                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                  10609                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                  10665                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                  10666                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                  10665                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                  10665                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                  10665                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                  10671                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                  10672                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                  10689                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                  11688                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                  10713                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                  10765                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                  11312                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                  10744                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                  10985                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                     46                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples        99252                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    243.375650                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   130.950727                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   326.632664                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127        55217     55.63%     55.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255        20298     20.45%     76.08% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383         6413      6.46%     82.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1357      1.37%     83.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639          565      0.57%     84.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767          413      0.42%     84.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1779      1.79%     86.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         1446      1.46%     88.15% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151        11764     11.85%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total        99252                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples        10665                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean      19.388561                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     18.723596                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev      5.593656                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::14-15          1470     13.78%     13.78% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::16-17          5883     55.16%     68.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::18-19            79      0.74%     69.69% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::20-21           216      2.03%     71.71% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::22-23           411      3.85%     75.56% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::24-25           622      5.83%     81.40% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::26-27           606      5.68%     87.08% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::28-29           551      5.17%     92.25% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::30-31           379      3.55%     95.80% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::32-33           226      2.12%     97.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::34-35           124      1.16%     99.08% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::36-37            56      0.53%     99.61% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::38-39            20      0.19%     99.79% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::40-41            12      0.11%     99.91% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::42-43             4      0.04%     99.94% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::44-45             3      0.03%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::46-47             2      0.02%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::48-49             1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total         10665                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples        10665                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      16.000469                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.000435                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.034912                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16            10663     99.98%     99.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18                1      0.01%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::19                1      0.01%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total         10665                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                   4898156250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat              8775093750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                 1033850000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     23688.91                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                42438.91                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       866.77                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                       715.34                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    866.77                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                    715.32                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                        12.36                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     6.77                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    5.59                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.38                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      26.41                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                   165924                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                  112250                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 80.25                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                65.78                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                      40452.65                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    73.71                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                354086880                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                188213025                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy               737233560                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy              445051980                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         919501440.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy           2170502430                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             55539840                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy      2498769420                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy       298340640                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy       1023028020                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy             8690267235                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            569.206220                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime          10362946000                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE     31709000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     389386000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF   4106150500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    776902000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    4483275500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   5479921125                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                354493860                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                188448315                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy               739104240                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy              445714920                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         925033200.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy           2162838780                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             55620000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy      2520264120                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy       300998400                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy       1016246280                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy             8708762115                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            570.417621                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime          10364262250                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE     32763750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     391738000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF   4068689375                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    783940750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    4463415750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   5526796500                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups                1788057                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted          1788057                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect              111                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups             1548820                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                  88048                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 2                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectLookups        1548820                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectHits            805886                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectMisses          742934                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu0.branchPredindirectMispredicted           29                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                    1894537                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                    1454339                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                        37180                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                            8                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                    1196531                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                            1                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                    0                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                        30534688                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles           1196682                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                       7732528                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                    1788057                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches            893934                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                     29337875                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                    246                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                  1196531                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes                   10                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples          30534680                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             0.501265                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            1.776213                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                27891576     91.34%     91.34% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                  132932      0.44%     91.78% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                  271606      0.89%     92.67% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                  117672      0.39%     93.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                  375792      1.23%     94.28% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                  235844      0.77%     95.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                  211011      0.69%     95.75% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                   57609      0.19%     95.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                 1240638      4.06%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total            30534680                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.058558                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       0.253237                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                  417317                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles             28084433                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                  1344846                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles               687961                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles                   123                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts              15303224                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles                   123                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                  753621                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles               26340119                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles             4                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                  1625282                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles              1815531                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts              15302592                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents                75549                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents               1518785                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands           16894964                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups             40184832                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups        23315684                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps             16885032                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                   10007                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts                 1                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts             1                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                  4606826                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads             1894808                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores            1454649                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads            56217                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores           45308                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                  15301645                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded                 10                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                 15299041                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued              125                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined           8295                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined        11219                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved             7                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     30534680                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        0.501038                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       1.512613                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           26404244     86.47%     86.47% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1             932563      3.05%     89.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2             695270      2.28%     91.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3             509349      1.67%     93.47% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4             398883      1.31%     94.78% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5             638721      2.09%     96.87% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6             257934      0.84%     97.72% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7             470578      1.54%     99.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8             227138      0.74%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       30534680                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                 290119     54.62%     54.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     54.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     54.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0      0.00%     54.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     54.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     54.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     54.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     54.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     54.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     54.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     54.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     54.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     54.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     54.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     54.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     54.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     54.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     54.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     54.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     54.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     54.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     54.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     54.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     54.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     54.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     54.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     54.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     54.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     54.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     54.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     54.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                 53566     10.08%     64.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite               187506     35.30%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass               83      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu             11949996     78.11%     78.11% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0      0.00%     78.11% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0      0.00%     78.11% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0      0.00%     78.11% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     78.11% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     78.11% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     78.11% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     78.11% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     78.11% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     78.11% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     78.11% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     78.11% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     78.11% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     78.11% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     78.11% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     78.11% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     78.11% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     78.11% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     78.11% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     78.11% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     78.11% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     78.11% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     78.11% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     78.11% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     78.11% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     78.11% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     78.11% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     78.11% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     78.11% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.11% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     78.11% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead             1894592     12.38%     90.49% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite            1454370      9.51%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total              15299041                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          0.501038                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                     531191                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.034721                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads          61664078                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes         15309962                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     15298633                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses              15830149                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads          442582                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads          994                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            1                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           12                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores          799                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked           23                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles                   123                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles               23528331                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles               145411                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts           15301655                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                4                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts              1894808                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts             1454649                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 4                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                 48115                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents            12                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect            79                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect           42                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts                 121                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts             15298833                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts              1894537                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts              208                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                     3348876                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                 1786981                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                   1454339                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    0.501031                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                      15298703                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                     15298633                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                 10920956                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                 20592627                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      0.501025                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.530333                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts           8295                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.commitNonSpecStalls              3                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts              111                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     30533556                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.500873                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.762479                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     27676764     90.64%     90.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       267343      0.88%     91.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       343856      1.13%     92.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       383498      1.26%     93.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       268632      0.88%     94.78% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        46587      0.15%     94.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       184557      0.60%     95.54% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       125469      0.41%     95.95% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      1236850      4.05%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     30533556                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts             7726281                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps              15293437                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                       3347674                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                      1893822                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                          2                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                   1786631                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                 15293401                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls               87970                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass           34      0.00%      0.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu        11945729     78.11%     78.11% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0      0.00%     78.11% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0      0.00%     78.11% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0      0.00%     78.11% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     78.11% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     78.11% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.11% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.11% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     78.11% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.11% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.11% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     78.11% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.11% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     78.11% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     78.11% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     78.11% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     78.11% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     78.11% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.11% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.11% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.11% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     78.11% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.11% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.11% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.11% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.11% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.11% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.11% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.11% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.11% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.11% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead        1893822     12.38%     90.49% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite       1453852      9.51%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::total         15293437                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events              1236850                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                    44598438                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                   30604513                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                              1                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                              8                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.committedInsts                    7726281                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                     15293437                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                              3.952055                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                        3.952055                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              0.253033                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        0.253033                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads                23308326                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes               12057250                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_reads                  9896044                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_writes                 4832866                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads                6967448                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements           210727                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs            7832516                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           210727                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs            37.169020                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data         1024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          133                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          890                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         11833667                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses        11833667                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data      1040592                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        1040592                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data      1453851                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       1453851                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data      2494443                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total         2494443                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data      2494443                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total        2494443                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data       411291                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       411291                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data            1                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            1                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data       411292                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total        411292                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data       411292                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total       411292                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  33597623000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  33597623000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data       107500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total       107500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  33597730500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  33597730500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  33597730500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  33597730500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data      1451883                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1451883                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data      1453852                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1453852                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data      2905735                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total      2905735                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data      2905735                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total      2905735                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.283281                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.283281                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000001                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.141545                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.141545                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.141545                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.141545                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 81688.203729                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 81688.203729                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data       107500                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total       107500                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 81688.266487                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 81688.266487                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 81688.266487                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 81688.266487                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs         1439                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               11                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs   130.818182                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       178274                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total           178274                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       200567                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       200567                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       200567                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       200567                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       200567                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       200567                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       210724                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       210724                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data            1                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       210725                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       210725                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       210725                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       210725                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19682537000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  19682537000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data       106500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       106500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19682643500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  19682643500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19682643500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  19682643500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.145138                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.145138                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.072520                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.072520                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.072520                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.072520                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 93404.344071                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 93404.344071                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data       106500                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       106500                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 93404.406217                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 93404.406217                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 93404.406217                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 93404.406217                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements                2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse                1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs                897                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs                2                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs           448.500000                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst         1024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses          4786126                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses         4786126                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst      1196529                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        1196529                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst      1196529                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total         1196529                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst      1196529                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total        1196529                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total            2                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu0.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total             2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu0.inst            2                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total            2                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       290000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total       290000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       290000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total       290000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       290000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total       290000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst      1196531                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1196531                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst      1196531                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total      1196531                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst      1196531                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total      1196531                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000002                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000002                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000002                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000002                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000002                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000002                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       145000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total       145000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       145000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total       145000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       145000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total       145000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::writebacks            2                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total                2                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            2                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total            2                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       288000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       288000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       288000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total       288000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       288000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total       288000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000002                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000002                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000002                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000002                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000002                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000002                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       144000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       144000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       144000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       144000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       144000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       144000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu1.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                    206780                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                        16384                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                      216104                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                    206780                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      1.045091                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks        0.592383                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst         0.155416                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     16383.252201                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.000036                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst        0.000009                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.999954                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total                   1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          133                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1         1184                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2        11813                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         3254                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                   3578428                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                  3578428                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks       178274                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total           178274                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks            2                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total                2                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data          3956                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total              3956                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data                 3956                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                     3956                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data                3956                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                    3956                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data               1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                   1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu0.inst            2                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total                2                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data       206768                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total          206768                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.inst                  2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data             206769                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 206771                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.inst                 2                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data            206769                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                206771                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data       105000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total        105000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       285000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total       285000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19309414000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total  19309414000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       285000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19309519000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      19309804000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       285000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19309519000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     19309804000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks       178274                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       178274                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks            2                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total            2                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data             1                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total                 1                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu0.inst            2                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total              2                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data       210724                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        210724                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst                2                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data           210725                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               210727                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst               2                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data          210725                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              210727                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total                1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.981227                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.981227                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.981227                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.981227                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.981227                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.981227                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data       105000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total       105000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       142500                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total       142500                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 93386.858702                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 93386.858702                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       142500                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 93386.914866                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 93387.389914                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       142500                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 93386.914866                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 93387.389914                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks               170641                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                    170641                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks            4                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total             4                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total              1                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            2                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total            2                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       206768                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total       206768                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst             2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        206769                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            206771                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            2                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       206769                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           206771                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data        95000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        95000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       265000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       265000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  17241714000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  17241714000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       265000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  17241809000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  17242074000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       265000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  17241809000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  17242074000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.981227                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.981227                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.981227                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.981227                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.981227                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.981227                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data        95000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        95000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       132500                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       132500                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 83386.761975                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 83386.761975                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       132500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 83386.818140                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 83387.293189                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       132500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 83386.818140                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 83387.293189                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        413552                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       206781                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             206772                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       170641                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict            36140                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq                 1                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp                1                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        206770                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       620325                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total       620325                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 620325                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     24154496                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total     24154496                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                24154496                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            206771                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                  206771    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              206771                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer4.occupancy          1104412000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer4.utilization               7.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         1083086000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              7.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       421456                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       210729                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            2                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops              5                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            5                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp            210728                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       348915                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean            2                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict           68592                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq                1                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp               1                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq             2                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       210724                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side            6                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       632179                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                632185                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side          256                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     24896064                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total               24896320                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                          206780                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                  10921024                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples           417507                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.000017                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.004095                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                 417500    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                      7      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total             417507                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy          389004000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              2.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy              3000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy         316090500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             2.1                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
