
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.015267                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 15267344125                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               3038201480875                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                               61611160                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                114057082                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              170678333                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1248976                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                    89.45                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  5511176657                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   10202515982                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.inst             64                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data       11797952                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total           11798016                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst           64                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total            64                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks        64384                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total           64384                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.inst               1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data          184343                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total              184344                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks          1006                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total               1006                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.inst              4192                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data         772757325                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             772761517                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst         4192                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total             4192                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks         4217105                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total              4217105                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks         4217105                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.inst             4192                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data        772757325                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            776978622                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                      184345                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                       1006                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                    184345                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                     1006                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM               11787968                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                   10112                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                   64064                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                11798080                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys                64384                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                    158                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0             11853                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1             11676                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2             11379                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3             11071                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4             10933                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5             11114                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6             10936                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7             10938                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8             10919                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9             10769                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10            11004                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11            11463                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12            12928                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13            12584                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14            12571                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15            12049                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0               128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1               128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2               128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3               128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4                81                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8                75                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9                25                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12              265                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15               43                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   15267396000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                184345                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                 1006                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                  140517                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                   40721                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                    2892                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                      57                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                      4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                      5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                     60                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                     62                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                     62                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                     62                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                     62                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                     62                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                     62                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                     63                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                     63                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                     63                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                     63                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                     63                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                     62                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                     64                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                     62                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                     62                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples        97333                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    121.773787                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   104.795760                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev    74.662762                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127        46546     47.82%     47.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255        41478     42.61%     90.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383         8109      8.33%     98.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1050      1.08%     99.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639           97      0.10%     99.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767           15      0.02%     99.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895           12      0.01%     99.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023            8      0.01%     99.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           18      0.02%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total        97333                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples           62                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean    2945.451613                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean   2850.926602                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    770.201904                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1280-1535            1      1.61%      1.61% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1792-2047            6      9.68%     11.29% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2048-2303            5      8.06%     19.35% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2304-2559            7     11.29%     30.65% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2560-2815           13     20.97%     51.61% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2816-3071           10     16.13%     67.74% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::3072-3327            5      8.06%     75.81% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::3328-3583            2      3.23%     79.03% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::3584-3839            3      4.84%     83.87% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::3840-4095            6      9.68%     93.55% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4352-4607            2      3.23%     96.77% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4864-5119            1      1.61%     98.39% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::5120-5375            1      1.61%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total            62                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples           62                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      16.145161                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.137818                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.507219                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16               57     91.94%     91.94% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::17                1      1.61%     93.55% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18                4      6.45%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total            62                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                   4567430750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat              8020937000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                  920935000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     24797.79                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                43547.79                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       772.10                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                         4.20                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    772.77                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                      4.22                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         6.06                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     6.03                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.03                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.30                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      25.21                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                    87004                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                     854                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 47.24                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                84.89                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                      82370.18                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    47.44                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                339742620                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                180585075                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy               641886000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy                3095460                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         1205309040.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy           1553417010                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             24639840                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy      5244981540                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy       113052960                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy                0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy             9306709545                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            609.582745                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime          11797254500                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE      9858000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     509860000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    294577500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    2950371625                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  11502677000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                355193580                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                188793660                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy               673209180                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy                2129760                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         1205309040.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy           1617080880                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             24211680                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy      5206328700                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy        92419200                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy                0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy             9364675680                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            613.379485                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime          11656865750                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE      9708000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     509860000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    241013000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    3090371750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  11416391375                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups                2007087                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted          2007087                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect           104093                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups             1630013                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                  87410                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect             12926                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectLookups        1630013                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectHits            806173                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectMisses          823840                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu0.branchPredindirectMispredicted        42728                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                     996814                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                     129665                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                       176152                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                         2123                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                    1567640                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                         8307                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                    0                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                        30534688                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles           1617644                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                       6292592                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                    2007087                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches            893583                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                     28657365                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                 213640                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.TlbCycles                      1839                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.cpu0.fetch.MiscStallCycles                1900                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles        72785                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                  1559333                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes                16110                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.ItlbSquashes                      7                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples          30458353                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             0.416768                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            1.627062                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                28112548     92.30%     92.30% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                   43540      0.14%     92.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                  697992      2.29%     94.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                   60078      0.20%     94.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                  168646      0.55%     95.48% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                  108767      0.36%     95.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                  115755      0.38%     96.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                   46851      0.15%     96.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                 1104176      3.63%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total            30458353                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.065731                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       0.206080                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                  887123                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles             27854679                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                  1244876                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles               364855                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles                106820                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts              10602926                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles                106820                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                 1017416                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles               26513783                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles         25610                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                  1395049                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles              1399675                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts              10117999                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents                94394                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents               1093684                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LQFullEvents                226855                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu0.rename.SQFullEvents                  1610                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands           11999935                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups             27529637                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups        13751041                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.fp_rename_lookups            80977                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps              4237671                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                 7762268                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts               383                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts           502                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                  2204971                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads             1665807                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores             187761                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads             9114                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores            8970                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                   9448893                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded              10521                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                  6968895                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued            11743                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined        5937140                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     11354663                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         10521                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     30458353                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        0.228801                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       0.903604                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           27821610     91.34%     91.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1             954871      3.14%     94.48% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2             537380      1.76%     96.24% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3             376006      1.23%     97.48% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4             385346      1.27%     98.74% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5             159481      0.52%     99.27% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6             130392      0.43%     99.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7              56031      0.18%     99.88% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8              37236      0.12%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       30458353                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                  24874     73.58%     73.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     73.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     73.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                 2570      7.60%     81.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     81.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     81.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     81.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     81.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     81.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     81.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     81.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     81.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     81.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     81.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     81.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     81.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     81.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     81.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     81.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     81.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     81.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     81.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     81.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     81.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     81.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     81.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     81.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     81.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     81.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     81.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     81.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                  5522     16.33%     97.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                  574      1.70%     99.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead              261      0.77%     99.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               6      0.02%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            35187      0.50%      0.50% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu              5679948     81.50%     82.01% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                3600      0.05%     82.06% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                25378      0.36%     82.43% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd              32021      0.46%     82.88% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     82.88% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     82.88% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     82.88% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     82.88% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     82.88% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     82.88% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     82.88% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     82.88% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     82.88% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     82.88% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     82.88% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     82.88% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     82.88% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     82.88% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     82.88% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     82.88% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     82.88% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     82.88% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     82.88% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     82.88% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     82.88% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     82.88% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     82.88% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     82.88% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     82.88% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     82.88% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     82.88% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead             1047064     15.02%     97.91% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite             139335      2.00%     99.91% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead           6348      0.09%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite            14      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total               6968895                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          0.228229                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                      33807                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.004851                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads          44361703                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes         15333005                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      6616722                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads              79990                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes             63554                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses        35487                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses               6926295                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses                  41220                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads           11429                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1066864                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          369                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            7                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       113044                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          126                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked         1167                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles                106820                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles               23835522                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles               270412                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts            9459414                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts             6920                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts              1665807                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts              187761                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts              3765                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                 24178                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                58240                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             7                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         50994                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        72042                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts              123036                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts              6802751                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts               996150                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts           166144                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                     1125781                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                  781340                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                    129631                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    0.222788                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                       6686853                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                      6652209                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                  4902622                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                  7923769                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      0.217857                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.618723                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts        5937922                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts           106816                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     29593966                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.119020                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     0.671665                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     28189049     95.25%     95.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       605168      2.04%     97.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       167736      0.57%     97.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       393330      1.33%     99.19% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        81540      0.28%     99.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        48356      0.16%     99.63% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        13437      0.05%     99.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         9714      0.03%     99.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        85636      0.29%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     29593966                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts             1765238                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps               3522278                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                        673662                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                       598945                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                    576188                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                     30036                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                  3491932                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls               13200                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass         9070      0.26%      0.26% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu         2791338     79.25%     79.51% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult            528      0.01%     79.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv           22024      0.63%     80.15% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd         25656      0.73%     80.87% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     80.87% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     80.87% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     80.87% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.87% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     80.87% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     80.87% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     80.87% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     80.87% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     80.87% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     80.87% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     80.87% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     80.87% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     80.87% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     80.87% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.87% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     80.87% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     80.87% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     80.87% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     80.87% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     80.87% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     80.87% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     80.87% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     80.87% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     80.87% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     80.87% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.87% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     80.87% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead         594565     16.88%     97.75% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite         74717      2.12%     99.88% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead         4380      0.12%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::total          3522278                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events                85636                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                    38968530                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                   19788269                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                            641                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                          76335                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.committedInsts                    1765238                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                      3522278                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                             17.297774                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                       17.297774                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              0.057811                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        0.057811                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads                 7376480                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes                5764263                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads                    62175                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_writes                   31096                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_reads                  4037124                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_writes                 1876287                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads                3377982                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements           273690                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs             564631                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           273690                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs             2.063031                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data         1024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          138                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          840                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           44                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          4481106                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses         4481106                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data       488088                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         488088                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data        73617                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         73617                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data       561705                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total          561705                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data       561705                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total         561705                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data       489049                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       489049                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data         1100                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         1100                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data       490149                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total        490149                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data       490149                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total       490149                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  34415027000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  34415027000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     80562500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     80562500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  34495589500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  34495589500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  34495589500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  34495589500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data       977137                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       977137                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data        74717                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        74717                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data      1051854                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1051854                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data      1051854                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1051854                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.500492                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.500492                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.014722                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.014722                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.465986                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.465986                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.465986                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.465986                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 70371.326800                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 70371.326800                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 73238.636364                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 73238.636364                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 70377.761660                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 70377.761660                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 70377.761660                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 70377.761660                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        30737                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs             1037                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    29.640309                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         2575                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total             2575                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       216442                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       216442                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data           17                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       216459                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       216459                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       216459                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       216459                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       272607                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       272607                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         1083                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         1083                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       273690                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       273690                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       273690                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       273690                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18835765000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  18835765000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     77886500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     77886500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18913651500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  18913651500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18913651500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  18913651500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.278985                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.278985                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.014495                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.014495                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.260198                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.260198                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.260198                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.260198                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 69094.942536                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69094.942536                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 71917.359187                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71917.359187                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 69106.110928                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69106.110928                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 69106.110928                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69106.110928                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements                1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse                1021                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs                 49                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs                1                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs                   49                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst         1021                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.997070                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.997070                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1021                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         1020                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.997070                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses          6237333                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses         6237333                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst      1559332                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        1559332                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst      1559332                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total         1559332                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst      1559332                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total        1559332                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total            1                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu0.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total             1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu0.inst            1                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total            1                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        86500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total        86500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        86500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total        86500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        86500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total        86500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst      1559333                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1559333                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst      1559333                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total      1559333                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst      1559333                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total      1559333                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000001                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000001                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000001                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        86500                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total        86500                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        86500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total        86500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        86500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total        86500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::writebacks            1                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total                1                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            1                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        85500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        85500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        85500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total        85500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        85500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total        85500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        85500                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        85500                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        85500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        85500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        85500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        85500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu1.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                    184376                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                        16384                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                      353215                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                    184376                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      1.915732                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks       12.389683                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst         0.056722                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     16371.553596                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.000756                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst        0.000003                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.999240                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total                   1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          131                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1         1150                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         9249                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         5843                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           11                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                   4562168                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                  4562168                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         2575                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total             2575                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks            1                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total                1                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data               367                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                   367                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data         88979                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total             88979                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data                89346                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                    89346                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data               89346                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                   89346                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data             716                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                 716                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu0.inst            1                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total                1                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data       183628                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total          183628                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.inst                  1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data             184344                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 184345                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.inst                 1                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data            184344                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                184345                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     72249000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      72249000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        84000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total        84000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  17455429000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total  17455429000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        84000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  17527678000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      17527762000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        84000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  17527678000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     17527762000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         2575                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         2575                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks            1                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total            1                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data          1083                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total              1083                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu0.inst            1                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total              1                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data       272607                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        272607                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst                1                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data           273690                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               273691                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst               1                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data          273690                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              273691                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.661127                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.661127                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.673600                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.673600                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.673550                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.673552                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.673550                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.673552                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 100906.424581                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 100906.424581                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        84000                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total        84000                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 95058.645740                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 95058.645740                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        84000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 95081.358764                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 95081.298652                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        84000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 95081.358764                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 95081.298652                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                 1006                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                      1006                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks           27                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total            27                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          716                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            716                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            1                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       183628                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total       183628                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst             1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        184344                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            184345                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            1                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       184344                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           184345                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     65089000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     65089000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        74000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        74000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  15619159000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  15619159000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        74000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  15684248000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  15684322000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        74000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  15684248000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  15684322000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.661127                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.661127                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.673600                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.673600                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.673550                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.673552                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.673550                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.673552                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 90906.424581                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 90906.424581                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        74000                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        74000                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 85058.700198                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 85058.700198                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        74000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 85081.413010                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 85081.352898                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        74000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 85081.413010                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 85081.352898                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        368682                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       184344                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             183628                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         1006                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict           183331                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq               716                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp              716                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        183629                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       553026                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total       553026                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 553026                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     11862400                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total     11862400                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                11862400                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            184345                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                  184345    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              184345                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer4.occupancy           435098000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer4.utilization               2.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy          999205000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              6.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       547382                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       273692                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests          302                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops             67                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops           60                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            7                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp            272608                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         3581                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean            1                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict          454485                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             1083                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp            1083                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq             1                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       272607                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side            3                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       821070                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                821073                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side          128                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     17680960                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total               17681088                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                          184376                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                     64384                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples           458067                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.000823                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.029205                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                 457697     99.92%     99.92% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                    363      0.08%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      7      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total             458067                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy          276267000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              1.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy              1500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy         410535000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             2.7                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
