
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.015267                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 15267344125                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               732832518000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                               14665825                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                 27695463                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              149419044                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1246220                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   102.18                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  1498524937                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    2829867691                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.inst           4544                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data       16905408                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total           16909952                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst         4544                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total          4544                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks      2726720                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total         2726720                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.inst              71                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data          264147                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total              264218                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks         42605                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total              42605                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.inst            297629                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data        1107291999                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total            1107589628                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst       297629                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total           297629                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks       178598188                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total            178598188                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks       178598188                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.inst           297629                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data       1107291999                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total           1286187816                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                      264218                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                      42605                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                    264218                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                    42605                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM               16909824                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                     128                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                 2726592                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                16909952                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys              2726720                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                      2                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0             16407                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1             16445                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2             16516                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3             16467                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4             16536                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5             16563                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6             16777                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7             16554                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8             16603                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9             16515                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10            16545                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11            16647                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12            16456                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13            16393                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14            16398                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15            16394                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0              2577                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1              2615                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2              2719                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3              2707                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4              2688                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5              2756                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6              2724                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7              2703                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8              2765                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9              2688                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10             2688                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11             2689                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12             2595                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13             2561                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14             2568                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15             2560                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   15267340000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                264218                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                42605                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                  162556                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                  101582                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                      51                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                      20                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       6                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                   1996                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                   2675                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                   2660                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                   2661                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                   2668                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                   2664                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                   2663                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                   2675                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                   2687                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                   2668                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                   2665                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                   2785                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                   2941                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                   2705                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                   2690                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                   2786                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples        22461                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    874.279151                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   759.254073                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   293.388620                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127          886      3.94%      3.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255          837      3.73%      7.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383          803      3.58%     11.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511          454      2.02%     13.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639          830      3.70%     16.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767          507      2.26%     19.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895          783      3.49%     22.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          981      4.37%     27.07% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151        16380     72.93%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total        22461                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples         2662                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean     154.849737                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     16.257191                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev   7092.575156                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::0-16383         2661     99.96%     99.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::360448-376831            1      0.04%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total          2662                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples         2662                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      16.004132                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.003716                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.127052                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16             2657     99.81%     99.81% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::17                3      0.11%     99.92% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18                1      0.04%     99.96% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::22                1      0.04%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total          2662                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                   2764488000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat              7718538000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                 1321080000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     10462.98                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                29212.98                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                      1107.58                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                       178.59                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                   1107.59                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                    178.60                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                        10.05                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     8.65                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    1.40                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.57                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      28.62                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                   245251                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                   39108                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 92.82                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                91.79                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                      49759.44                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    92.68                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                 80667720                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                 42879705                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy               944372100                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy              112172580                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         821773680.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy           1549993590                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             66994560                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy      2124075360                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy       478509600                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy       1460188620                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy             7681627515                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            503.141047                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime          11693829875                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE     67184500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     348400000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF   5789592750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN   1246127750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    3157903750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   4658135375                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                 79696680                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                 42359790                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy               942130140                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy              110215080                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         817471200.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy           1532922090                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             65530080                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy      2105298990                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy       479798880                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy       1481374380                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy             7656797310                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            501.514687                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime          11727931125                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE     65534000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     346598000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF   5868664625                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN   1249480000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    3120164500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   4616903000                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups                3814243                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted          3814243                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect             6873                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups             3812970                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                   1063                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect               232                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectLookups        3812970                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectHits           3777204                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectMisses           35766                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu0.branchPredindirectMispredicted         1351                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                    3905938                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                     345336                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                         3666                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                          726                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                      33776                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                           81                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                   11                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                        30534689                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles             38837                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                      19514194                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                    3814243                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches           3778267                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                     30484135                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                  13954                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.MiscStallCycles                  63                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles          429                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                    33701                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes                  480                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples          30530441                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             1.133506                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            2.533140                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                22937679     75.13%     75.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                 2769753      9.07%     84.20% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                  484624      1.59%     85.79% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                  343768      1.13%     86.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                  164030      0.54%     87.45% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                  123334      0.40%     87.86% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                  390190      1.28%     89.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                  314310      1.03%     90.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                 3002753      9.84%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total            30530441                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.124915                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       0.639083                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                 1388220                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles             24798617                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                  1324292                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles              3012335                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles                  6977                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts              34437567                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles                  6977                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                 2135671                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles               15024084                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles          2097                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                  3588720                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles              9772892                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts              34388018                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents               897305                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents               2275711                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LQFullEvents                  8316                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu0.rename.SQFullEvents               5989261                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands           56402429                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups             77285680                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups        46252110                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.fp_rename_lookups           167097                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps             56108372                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                  294057                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts                35                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts            34                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                 11052052                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads             3924209                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores             363145                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads              451                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores             394                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                  34361630                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded                415                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                 34309296                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued              765                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined         202093                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       253154                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           365                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     30530441                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        1.123773                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       1.899859                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           20263881     66.37%     66.37% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1            2336042      7.65%     74.02% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2            1393920      4.57%     78.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3            2257895      7.40%     85.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4             962598      3.15%     89.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5            1538050      5.04%     94.18% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6            1586806      5.20%     99.37% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7             179741      0.59%     99.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8              11508      0.04%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       30530441                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                   7948     78.48%     78.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     78.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     78.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                   20      0.20%     78.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     78.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     78.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     78.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     78.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     78.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     78.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     78.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     78.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     78.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     78.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     78.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     78.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     78.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     78.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     78.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     78.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     78.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     78.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     78.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     78.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     78.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     78.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     78.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     78.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     78.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     78.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                  1035     10.22%     88.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                 1074     10.61%     99.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                3      0.03%     99.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite              47      0.46%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            17961      0.05%      0.05% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu             30022362     87.51%     87.56% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                5174      0.02%     87.57% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                   32      0.00%     87.57% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                996      0.00%     87.58% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     87.58% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     87.58% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     87.58% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     87.58% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     87.58% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     87.58% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     87.58% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     87.58% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     87.58% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     87.58% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     87.58% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     87.58% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     87.58% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     87.58% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     87.58% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     87.58% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     87.58% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     87.58% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     87.58% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     87.58% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     87.58% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     87.58% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     87.58% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     87.58% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     87.58% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     87.58% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     87.58% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead             3916700     11.42%     98.99% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite             181614      0.53%     99.52% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead            205      0.00%     99.52% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite        164252      0.48%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total              34309296                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          1.123617                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                      10127                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.000295                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads          98828605                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes         34397497                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     34102009                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads             331320                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            166692                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       165517                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses              34135793                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses                 165669                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads             762                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        37119                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           23                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           55                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        19537                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            4                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked          151                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles                  6977                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles               12297402                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles              1615777                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts           34362045                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts               31                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts              3924209                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts              363145                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts               161                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                 37384                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents              1578370                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents            55                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect          5527                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         1919                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts                7446                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts             34274498                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts              3905910                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts            34798                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                     4251238                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                 3780987                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                    345328                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    1.122477                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                      34273480                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                     34267526                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                 28313777                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                 40521764                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      1.122249                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.698730                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts         202120                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.commitNonSpecStalls             50                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts             6936                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     30502071                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     1.119922                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.974853                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     22569575     73.99%     73.99% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       447180      1.47%     75.46% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       131048      0.43%     75.89% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       187876      0.62%     76.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3424484     11.23%     87.73% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      3576921     11.73%     99.46% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         5301      0.02%     99.48% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         4787      0.02%     99.49% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       154899      0.51%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     30502071                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts            19218230                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps              34159952                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                       4230698                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                      3887090                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                         26                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                   3768723                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                    165010                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                 34141892                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls                 332                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass        17365      0.05%      0.05% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu        29906011     87.55%     87.60% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult           5164      0.02%     87.61% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv              14      0.00%     87.61% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd           700      0.00%     87.62% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     87.62% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     87.62% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     87.62% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     87.62% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     87.62% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     87.62% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     87.62% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     87.62% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     87.62% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     87.62% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     87.62% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     87.62% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     87.62% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     87.62% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     87.62% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     87.62% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     87.62% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     87.62% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     87.62% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     87.62% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     87.62% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     87.62% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     87.62% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     87.62% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     87.62% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     87.62% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     87.62% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead        3886998     11.38%     98.99% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite        179488      0.53%     99.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead           92      0.00%     99.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite       164120      0.48%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::total         34159952                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events               154899                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                    64709244                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                   68752683                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                             54                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                           4248                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.committedInsts                   19218230                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                     34159952                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                              1.588840                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                        1.588840                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              0.629390                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        0.629390                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads                46051071                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes               30134992                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads                   166492                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_writes                    1147                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_reads                 18938489                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_writes                26138332                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads               11811601                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements           265246                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs            1352493                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           265246                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs             5.099014                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data         1024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          201                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          823                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         17259226                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses        17259226                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data      1051434                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        1051434                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data       301057                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        301057                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data      1352491                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total         1352491                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data      1352491                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total        1352491                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data      2853451                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total      2853451                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data        42553                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total        42553                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data      2896004                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total       2896004                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data      2896004                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total      2896004                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data 190700962000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 190700962000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data   3704296999                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   3704296999                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data 194405258999                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 194405258999                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data 194405258999                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 194405258999                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data      3904885                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      3904885                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data       343610                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       343610                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data      4248495                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total      4248495                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data      4248495                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total      4248495                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.730739                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.730739                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.123841                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.123841                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.681654                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.681654                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.681654                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.681654                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 66831.693272                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 66831.693272                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 87051.371208                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 87051.371208                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 67128.795057                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 67128.795057                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 67128.795057                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 67128.795057                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs         5413                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               60                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    90.216667                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        43694                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total            43694                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data      2630754                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total      2630754                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data      2630757                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total      2630757                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data      2630757                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total      2630757                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       222697                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       222697                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        42550                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        42550                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       265247                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       265247                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       265247                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       265247                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  17969611000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  17969611000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   3661614999                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3661614999                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  21631225999                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  21631225999                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  21631225999                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  21631225999                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.057030                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.057030                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.123832                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.123832                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.062433                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.062433                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.062433                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.062433                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 80690.853492                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 80690.853492                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 86054.406557                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 86054.406557                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 81551.255995                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81551.255995                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 81551.255995                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81551.255995                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements              159                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse         1021.508512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs            2130400                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs              159                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs         13398.742138                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst  1021.508512                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.997567                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.997567                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1021                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         1018                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.997070                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses           134963                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses          134963                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst        33518                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          33518                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst        33518                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total           33518                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst        33518                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total          33518                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst          183                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          183                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu0.inst          183                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total           183                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu0.inst          183                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total          183                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst      8788500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8788500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst      8788500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8788500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst      8788500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8788500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst        33701                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        33701                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst        33701                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total        33701                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst        33701                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total        33701                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.005430                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.005430                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.005430                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005430                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.005430                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005430                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 48024.590164                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 48024.590164                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 48024.590164                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 48024.590164                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 48024.590164                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 48024.590164                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::writebacks          159                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total              159                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst           24                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           24                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst           24                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           24                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst           24                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           24                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          159                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          159                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          159                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          159                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          159                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          159                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst      7575500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7575500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst      7575500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      7575500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst      7575500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      7575500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.004718                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004718                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.004718                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004718                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.004718                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004718                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 47644.654088                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 47644.654088                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 47644.654088                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 47644.654088                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 47644.654088                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 47644.654088                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu1.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                    264338                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                        16384                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                      266471                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                    264338                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      1.008069                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks        9.386724                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst         5.616411                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     16368.996866                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.000573                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst        0.000343                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.999084                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total                   1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          201                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1         1788                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2        14395                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                   4510818                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                  4510818                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks        43694                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total            43694                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks          159                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total              159                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu0.data                1                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total                    1                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data                 7                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                     7                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu0.inst             87                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total                 87                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data          1092                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total              1092                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.inst                   87                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data                 1099                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                     1186                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.inst                  87                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data                1099                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                    1186                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data           42542                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total               42542                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu0.inst           71                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total               71                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data       221605                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total          221605                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.inst                 71                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data             264147                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 264218                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.inst                71                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data            264147                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                264218                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data   3597698000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total    3597698000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst      6417500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total      6417500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  17624085000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total  17624085000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst      6417500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  21221783000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      21228200500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst      6417500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  21221783000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     21228200500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks        43694                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        43694                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks          159                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total          159                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu0.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total                1                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data         42549                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total             42549                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu0.inst          158                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total            158                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data       222697                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        222697                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst              158                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data           265246                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               265404                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst             158                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data          265246                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              265404                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.999835                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.999835                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.449367                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.449367                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.995096                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.995096                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst        0.449367                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.995857                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.995531                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst       0.449367                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.995857                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.995531                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84568.144422                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 84568.144422                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 90387.323944                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 90387.323944                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 79529.275061                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 79529.275061                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 90387.323944                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 80340.806445                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 80343.506120                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 90387.323944                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 80340.806445                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 80343.506120                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                42605                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                     42605                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks            1                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total             1                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        42542                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total          42542                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst           71                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total           71                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       221605                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total       221605                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            71                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        264147                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            264218                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst           71                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       264147                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           264218                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   3172278000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3172278000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst      5707500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5707500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  15408035000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  15408035000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst      5707500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18580313000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  18586020500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst      5707500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18580313000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  18586020500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.999835                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999835                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.449367                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.449367                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.995096                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.995096                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.449367                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.995857                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.995531                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.449367                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.995857                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.995531                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 74568.144422                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 74568.144422                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 80387.323944                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 80387.323944                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 69529.275061                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69529.275061                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 80387.323944                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 70340.806445                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70343.506120                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 80387.323944                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 70340.806445                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70343.506120                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        528438                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       264220                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             221675                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        42605                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict           221615                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             42542                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp            42542                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        221676                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       792655                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total       792655                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 792655                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     19636608                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total     19636608                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                19636608                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            264218                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                  264218    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              264218                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer4.occupancy           785693000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer4.utilization               5.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         1388420000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              9.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       530811                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       265405                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            6                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops            124                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops          124                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp            222856                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        86299                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean          159                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict          443285                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq               1                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp              1                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            42549                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           42549                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq           159                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       222697                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side          476                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       795740                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                796216                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        20288                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     19772160                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total               19792448                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                          264339                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                   2726784                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples           529744                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.000245                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.015663                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                 529614     99.98%     99.98% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                    130      0.02%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total             529744                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy          309258500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              2.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy            238500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy         397869500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             2.6                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
