
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.015267                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 15267344125                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               10565002134500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                               57979404                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                108346233                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              142551883                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1248976                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   107.10                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  6209607347                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   11603908191                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.inst          23552                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data        9975616                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total            9999168                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst        23552                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total         23552                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks      9929280                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total         9929280                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.inst             368                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data          155869                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total              156237                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks        155145                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total             155145                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.inst           1542639                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data         653395634                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             654938273                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst      1542639                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total          1542639                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks       650360660                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total            650360660                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks       650360660                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.inst          1542639                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data        653395634                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total           1305298933                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                      156238                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                     155145                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                    156238                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                   155145                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM                9999232                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                       0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                 9930048                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                 9999232                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys              9929280                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                      0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0             10049                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1             10285                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2             10142                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3             10071                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4              9707                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5              9238                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6              9552                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7              9527                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8              9438                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9              9506                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10             9895                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11             9648                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12             9453                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13             9609                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14            10066                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15            10052                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0              9960                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1             10257                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2              9979                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3             10010                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4              9629                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5              9229                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6              9461                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7              9312                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8              9331                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9              9502                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10             9874                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11             9635                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12             9380                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13             9576                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14            10031                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15             9991                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   15267364000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                156238                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6               155145                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                  155142                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                     711                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                     265                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                     109                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                      10                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                     26                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                     34                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                   9597                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                   9640                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                   9673                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                   9693                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                   9698                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                   9699                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                   9698                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                   9699                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                   9700                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                   9700                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                   9717                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                   9716                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                   9717                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                   9717                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                   9708                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                   9700                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples        27540                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    723.676398                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   565.846785                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   359.302069                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127         1925      6.99%      6.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255         2484      9.02%     16.01% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383         2143      7.78%     23.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1710      6.21%     30.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639         1277      4.64%     34.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767         1641      5.96%     40.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1453      5.28%     45.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         1340      4.87%     50.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151        13567     49.26%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total        27540                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples         9689                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean      16.126535                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     16.077661                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev      1.605975                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4-7               4      0.04%      0.04% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::8-11             45      0.46%      0.51% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::12-15           105      1.08%      1.59% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::16-19          9382     96.83%     98.42% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::20-23           115      1.19%     99.61% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::24-27            23      0.24%     99.85% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::28-31             4      0.04%     99.89% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::36-39             1      0.01%     99.90% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::40-43             2      0.02%     99.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::44-47             1      0.01%     99.93% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::48-51             3      0.03%     99.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::52-55             2      0.02%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::72-75             1      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::76-79             1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total          9689                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples         9689                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      16.013727                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.012328                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.229254                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16             9648     99.58%     99.58% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::17                4      0.04%     99.62% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18                9      0.09%     99.71% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::19               13      0.13%     99.85% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::20                6      0.06%     99.91% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::21                6      0.06%     99.97% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::22                3      0.03%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total          9689                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                   2889318250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat              5818780750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                  781190000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     18493.06                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                37243.06                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       654.94                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                       650.41                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    654.94                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                    650.36                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                        10.20                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     5.12                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    5.08                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.01                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      26.15                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                   142644                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                  141211                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 91.30                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                91.02                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                      49030.82                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    91.16                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                 98867580                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                 52549365                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy               560996940                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy              406309140                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         756007200.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy           1534628100                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             62819040                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy      2085585540                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy       321323040                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy       1567295220                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy             7446477645                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            487.738901                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime          11737057625                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE     43625500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     320442000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF   6327701750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    836759125                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    3165187750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   4573628000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                 97768020                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                 51964935                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy               554542380                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy              403610400                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         750475440.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy           1524065430                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             67732800                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy      2074198650                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy       307259040                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy       1584566520                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy             7416439725                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            485.771439                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime          11748157375                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE     52766250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     318132000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF   6399296750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    800166500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    3148288500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   4548694125                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups                1335562                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted          1335562                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect             7228                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups             1327122                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                   4446                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect               911                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectLookups        1327122                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectHits           1287094                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectMisses           40028                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu0.branchPredindirectMispredicted         5105                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                     351552                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                    1319871                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                          924                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                         2711                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                      53299                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                          309                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                   67                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                        30534689                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles             76332                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                       5835549                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                    1335562                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches           1291540                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                     30418229                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                  15118                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.TlbCycles                         4                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.cpu0.fetch.MiscStallCycles                 165                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles         1569                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                    53099                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes                 2132                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples          30503858                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             0.385665                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            1.664688                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                28802492     94.42%     94.42% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                   40307      0.13%     94.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                   42677      0.14%     94.69% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                  225060      0.74%     95.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                   27622      0.09%     95.52% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                    9341      0.03%     95.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                    9659      0.03%     95.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                   25311      0.08%     95.67% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                 1321389      4.33%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total            30503858                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.043739                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       0.191112                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                  437771                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles             28583620                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                   633215                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles               841693                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles                  7559                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts              11694680                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles                  7559                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                  707008                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles                 276182                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles         16132                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                  1204567                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles             28292410                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts              11657881                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents                 1276                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents                 18677                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LQFullEvents                  4831                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu0.rename.SQFullEvents              28006281                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands           14837336                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups             24670537                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups        13401726                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.fp_rename_lookups           312534                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps             14548944                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                  288392                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts               156                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts           164                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                  4999225                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads              363256                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores            1328602                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads            20744                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores           17877                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                  11591989                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded                846                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                 11524193                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued             2298                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined         189058                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       274581                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           719                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     30503858                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        0.377795                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       1.257802                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           27379611     89.76%     89.76% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1             478135      1.57%     91.33% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2             561049      1.84%     93.16% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3             347555      1.14%     94.30% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4             348136      1.14%     95.45% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5            1071111      3.51%     98.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6             119637      0.39%     99.35% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7             173618      0.57%     99.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8              25006      0.08%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       30503858                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                  73394     94.25%     94.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     94.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     94.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                  417      0.54%     94.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     94.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     94.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     94.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     94.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     94.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     94.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     94.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     94.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     94.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     94.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     94.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     94.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     94.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     94.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     94.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     94.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     94.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     94.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     94.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     94.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     94.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     94.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     94.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     94.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     94.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     94.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     94.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                   789      1.01%     95.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                  232      0.30%     96.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead             2785      3.58%     99.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite             251      0.32%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass             4603      0.04%      0.04% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu              9758304     84.68%     84.72% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                 115      0.00%     84.72% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                  339      0.00%     84.72% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd              84720      0.74%     85.46% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     85.46% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     85.46% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     85.46% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     85.46% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     85.46% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     85.46% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     85.46% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     85.46% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     85.46% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     85.46% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     85.46% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     85.46% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     85.46% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     85.46% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     85.46% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     85.46% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     85.46% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     85.46% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     85.46% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     85.46% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     85.46% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     85.46% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     85.46% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     85.46% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     85.46% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.46% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     85.46% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead              308041      2.67%     88.13% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite            1279887     11.11%     99.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead          46574      0.40%     99.64% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite         41610      0.36%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total              11524193                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          0.377413                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                      77868                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.006757                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads          53247469                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes         11570147                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     11310169                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads             384941                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            211959                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       188636                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses              11403327                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses                 194131                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads            2576                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        26191                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           58                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          227                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        14508                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           14                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked          487                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles                  7559                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles                  60384                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles               174439                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts           11592835                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts              809                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts               363256                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts             1328602                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts               378                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                   430                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents               173846                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           227                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect          2015                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         7222                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts                9237                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts             11507233                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts               351377                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts            16960                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                     1671221                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                 1306187                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                   1319844                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    0.376858                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                      11502482                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                     11498805                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                  8404626                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                 11792819                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      0.376582                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.712690                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts         189378                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.commitNonSpecStalls            127                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts             7392                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     30473377                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.374221                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.281681                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     27445093     90.06%     90.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       346781      1.14%     91.20% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       322583      1.06%     92.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      1159455      3.80%     96.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        72010      0.24%     96.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       735412      2.41%     98.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        72804      0.24%     98.95% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        22371      0.07%     99.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       296868      0.97%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     30473377                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts             5637199                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps              11403777                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                       1651159                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                       337065                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                         40                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                   1298663                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                    184901                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                 11305592                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls                1377                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass         2361      0.02%      0.02% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu         9667289     84.77%     84.79% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult             91      0.00%     84.79% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv             274      0.00%     84.80% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd         82603      0.72%     85.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     85.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     85.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     85.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     85.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     85.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     85.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     85.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     85.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     85.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     85.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     85.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     85.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead         292756      2.57%     88.09% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite       1273098     11.16%     99.25% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead        44309      0.39%     99.64% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite        40996      0.36%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::total         11403777                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events               296868                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                    41769664                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                   23217372                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                            314                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                          30831                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.committedInsts                    5637199                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                     11403777                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                              5.416642                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                        5.416642                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              0.184616                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        0.184616                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads                13156148                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes                8725450                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads                   291197                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_writes                  146338                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_reads                  6514877                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_writes                 5785622                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads                4291302                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements           155924                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs            1503414                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           155924                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs             9.641967                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data         1024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           99                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          925                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          6803480                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses         6803480                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data       343720                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         343720                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data      1159692                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       1159692                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data      1503412                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total         1503412                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data      1503412                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total        1503412                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data         4063                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         4063                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data       154414                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       154414                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data       158477                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total        158477                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data       158477                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total       158477                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    398398500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    398398500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13936323498                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  13936323498                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  14334721998                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  14334721998                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  14334721998                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  14334721998                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data       347783                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       347783                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data      1314106                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1314106                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data      1661889                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1661889                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data      1661889                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1661889                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.011683                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.011683                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.117505                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.117505                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.095360                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.095360                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.095360                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.095360                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 98055.254738                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 98055.254738                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 90252.978992                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 90252.978992                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 90453.012096                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 90453.012096                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 90453.012096                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 90453.012096                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        16539                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets          216                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs              180                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              2                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    91.883333                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          108                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       154858                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total           154858                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data         2540                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         2540                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data           11                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data         2551                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         2551                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data         2551                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         2551                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         1523                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1523                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       154403                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       154403                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       155926                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       155926                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       155926                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       155926                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    164596000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    164596000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13780853498                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  13780853498                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13945449498                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  13945449498                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13945449498                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  13945449498                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.004379                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004379                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.117497                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.117497                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.093825                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.093825                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.093825                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.093825                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 108073.539068                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 108073.539068                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 89252.498319                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 89252.498319                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 89436.331965                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 89436.331965                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 89436.331965                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 89436.331965                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements              692                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse         1019.999605                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs              14664                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs              692                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs            21.190751                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst  1019.999605                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.996093                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.996093                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1020                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          203                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          816                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.996094                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses           213090                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses          213090                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst        52232                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          52232                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst        52232                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total           52232                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst        52232                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total          52232                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst          867                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          867                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu0.inst          867                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total           867                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu0.inst          867                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total          867                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     54037500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     54037500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     54037500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     54037500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     54037500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     54037500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst        53099                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        53099                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst        53099                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total        53099                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst        53099                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total        53099                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.016328                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.016328                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.016328                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.016328                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.016328                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.016328                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 62326.989619                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 62326.989619                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 62326.989619                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 62326.989619                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 62326.989619                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 62326.989619                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::writebacks          692                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total              692                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst          173                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          173                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst          173                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          173                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst          173                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          173                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          694                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          694                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          694                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          694                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          694                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          694                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     44577500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     44577500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     44577500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     44577500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     44577500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     44577500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.013070                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.013070                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.013070                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.013070                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.013070                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.013070                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 64232.708934                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64232.708934                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 64232.708934                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64232.708934                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 64232.708934                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64232.708934                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu1.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                    156850                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                        16384                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                      156470                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                    156850                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      0.997577                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks       55.711351                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst        33.262296                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     16295.026353                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.003400                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst        0.002030                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.994569                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total                   1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           99                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          946                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         8535                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         6804                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                   2662514                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                  2662514                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks       154858                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total           154858                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks          692                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total              692                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu0.data                2                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total                    2                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data                19                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                    19                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu0.inst            324                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total                324                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data            35                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total                35                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.inst                  324                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data                   54                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                      378                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.inst                 324                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data                  54                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                     378                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data          154382                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total              154382                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu0.inst          368                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total              368                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data         1488                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total            1488                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.inst                368                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data             155870                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 156238                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.inst               368                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data            155870                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                156238                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13548998500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   13548998500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     40115500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total     40115500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    161872500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total    161872500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     40115500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13710871000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      13750986500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     40115500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13710871000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     13750986500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks       154858                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       154858                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks          692                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total          692                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu0.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total                2                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data        154401                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total            154401                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu0.inst          692                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total            692                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data         1523                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total          1523                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst              692                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data           155924                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               156616                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst             692                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data          155924                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              156616                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.999877                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.999877                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.531792                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.531792                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.977019                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.977019                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst        0.531792                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.999654                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.997586                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst       0.531792                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.999654                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.997586                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 87762.812374                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 87762.812374                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 109009.510870                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 109009.510870                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 108785.282258                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 108785.282258                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 109009.510870                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 87963.501636                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 88013.073004                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 109009.510870                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 87963.501636                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 88013.073004                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks               155145                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                    155145                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       154382                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total         154382                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          368                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total          368                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         1488                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total         1488                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst           368                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        155870                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            156238                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          368                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       155870                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           156238                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  12005178500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  12005178500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     36435500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     36435500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    146992500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    146992500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     36435500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  12152171000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  12188606500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     36435500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  12152171000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  12188606500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.999877                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999877                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.531792                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.531792                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.977019                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.977019                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.531792                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.999654                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.997586                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.531792                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.999654                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.997586                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 77762.812374                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77762.812374                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 99009.510870                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99009.510870                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 98785.282258                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98785.282258                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 99009.510870                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 77963.501636                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78013.073004                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 99009.510870                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 77963.501636                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78013.073004                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        312580                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       156360                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               1856                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       155145                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict             1197                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            154382                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           154382                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq          1856                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       468818                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total       468818                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 468818                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     19928512                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total     19928512                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                19928512                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            156238                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                  156238    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              156238                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer4.occupancy           933752500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer4.utilization               6.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy          821704250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              5.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       313236                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       156616                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests          102                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops            574                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops          574                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp              2217                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       310003                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean          692                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict            2771                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq               2                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp              2                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq           154401                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp          154401                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq           694                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         1523                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         2078                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       467776                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                469854                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        88576                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     19890048                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total               19978624                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                          156852                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                   9929408                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples           313470                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.002157                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.046388                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                 312794     99.78%     99.78% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                    676      0.22%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total             313470                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy          312168000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              2.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy           1041000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy         233887499                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             1.5                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
