
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.015267                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 15267344125                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               2320636307000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                               12549158                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                 22948034                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               37793733                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1248976                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   403.97                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  5069420209                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    9270201566                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.inst            128                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data        1185344                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total            1185472                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst          128                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total           128                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks      1084992                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total         1084992                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.inst               2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data           18521                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total               18523                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks         16953                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total              16953                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.inst              8384                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data          77639175                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total              77647559                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst         8384                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total             8384                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks        71066191                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total             71066191                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks        71066191                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.inst             8384                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data         77639175                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            148713750                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                       18523                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                      16953                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                     18523                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                    16953                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM                1185408                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                      64                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                 1084928                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                 1185472                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys              1084992                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                      1                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0              1087                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1              1087                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2              1087                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3              1091                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4              1057                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5              1053                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6              1228                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7              1246                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8              1181                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9              1195                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10             1283                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11             1373                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12             1204                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13             1125                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14             1093                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15             1132                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0               975                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1              1000                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2               991                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3              1005                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4               966                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5               972                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6              1132                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7              1141                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8              1087                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9              1111                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10             1165                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11             1269                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12             1110                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13             1014                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14              987                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15             1027                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   15267575000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                 18523                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                16953                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                   17244                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                    1270                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                       8                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                    576                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                    600                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                    959                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                    984                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                    983                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                    984                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                    983                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                    991                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                    983                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                    985                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                    984                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                    986                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                    987                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                    984                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                    984                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                   1031                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                    985                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                    984                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples        25207                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean     90.054985                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean    81.308914                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev    51.105341                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::64-127        18093     71.78%     71.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-191         5139     20.39%     92.16% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::192-255         1209      4.80%     96.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-319          519      2.06%     99.02% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::320-383          155      0.61%     99.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-447           50      0.20%     99.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::448-511           25      0.10%     99.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-575           11      0.04%     99.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::576-639            3      0.01%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-703            3      0.01%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total        25207                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples          983                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean      18.841302                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     18.766992                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev      1.681105                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::15                4      0.41%      0.41% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::16               77      7.83%      8.24% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::17              138     14.04%     22.28% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::18              208     21.16%     43.44% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::19              217     22.08%     65.51% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::20              186     18.92%     84.44% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::21               97      9.87%     94.30% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::22               37      3.76%     98.07% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::23               11      1.12%     99.19% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::24                8      0.81%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total           983                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples          983                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      17.245168                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     17.214045                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      1.031043                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16              383     38.96%     38.96% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::17               23      2.34%     41.30% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18              531     54.02%     95.32% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::19               45      4.58%     99.90% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::20                1      0.10%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total           983                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                    520985250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat               868272750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                   92610000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     28127.92                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                46877.92                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                        77.64                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                        71.06                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                     77.65                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                     71.07                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         1.16                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     0.61                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.56                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.12                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      24.94                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                     6572                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                    3691                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 35.48                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                21.77                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                     430363.49                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    28.93                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                 86943780                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                 46196535                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy                63803040                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy               42710040                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         1224977520.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy           1055063160                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             32055360                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy      4442235720                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy      1150379520                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy         61094220                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy             8205592575                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            537.460380                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime          12869867250                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE     25228750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     518522000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF    132309500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN   2995663250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    1853726125                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   9741894500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                 93062760                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                 49464030                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy                68444040                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy               45779400                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         1216372560.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy           1045365180                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             30721440                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy      4621475070                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy      1040299680                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy         27137280                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy             8238261690                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            539.600183                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime          12893144250                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE     18583750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     514738000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF     50631500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN   2709022250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    1839602125                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  10134766500                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups               13147553                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted         13147553                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect          1352784                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups            10931141                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                1077644                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect            191396                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectLookups       10931141                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectHits           2629580                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectMisses         8301561                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu0.branchPredindirectMispredicted       887923                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                    6968959                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                    2391888                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                        83890                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                        17683                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                    6529380                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                         2705                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                   19                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                        30534689                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles           7362365                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                      56182768                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                   13147553                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches           3707224                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                     21801066                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                2707786                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.TlbCycles                        12                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.cpu0.fetch.MiscStallCycles                 913                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles        15348                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                  6526675                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes               314284                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples          30533597                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             4.005004                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            3.672103                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                12231192     40.06%     40.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                  522748      1.71%     41.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                  912171      2.99%     44.76% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                 1330137      4.36%     49.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                  609854      2.00%     51.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                 1152406      3.77%     54.89% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                  978476      3.20%     58.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                  495516      1.62%     59.71% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                12301097     40.29%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total            30533597                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.430578                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       1.839965                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                 5561123                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles              8502881                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                 13639734                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles              1475966                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles               1353893                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts             109551541                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles               1353893                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                 6631859                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles                6946886                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles        265554                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                 13837193                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles              1498212                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts             102533963                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents                33782                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents                831811                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LQFullEvents                   167                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu0.rename.SQFullEvents                427112                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands          115209349                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups            254904633                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups       140014817                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.fp_rename_lookups         18978592                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps             48984517                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                66224767                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts             31360                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts         34033                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                  3538773                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads             9454096                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores            3310725                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads           159756                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores          167511                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                  89173764                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded             213525                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                 71189222                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued           653116                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       47074794                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     68173239                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved        213416                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     30533597                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        2.331505                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       2.586901                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           13189322     43.20%     43.20% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1            2262875      7.41%     50.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2            2826747      9.26%     59.87% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3            2343347      7.67%     67.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4            2361784      7.74%     75.27% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5            2240121      7.34%     82.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6            2629686      8.61%     91.22% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7            1620765      5.31%     96.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8            1058950      3.47%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       30533597                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                1432945     92.80%     92.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     92.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     92.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                81773      5.30%     98.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     98.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     98.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     98.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     98.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     98.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     98.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     98.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     98.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     98.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     98.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     98.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     98.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     98.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     98.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     98.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     98.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     98.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     98.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     98.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     98.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     98.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     98.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     98.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     98.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     98.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     98.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     98.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                  4407      0.29%     98.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                 2046      0.13%     98.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead            22395      1.45%     99.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite             620      0.04%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass          1798091      2.53%      2.53% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu             54184290     76.11%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                3120      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                75928      0.11%     78.75% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            4950935      6.95%     85.70% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     85.70% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     85.70% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     85.70% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     85.70% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     85.70% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     85.70% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     85.70% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     85.70% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     85.70% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     85.70% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     85.70% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     85.70% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     85.70% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     85.70% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     85.70% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     85.70% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     85.70% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     85.70% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     85.70% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     85.70% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     85.70% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     85.70% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     85.70% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     85.70% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     85.70% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.70% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     85.70% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead             5193318      7.30%     93.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite            2596702      3.65%     96.65% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead        2384901      3.35%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite          1937      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total              71189222                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          2.331421                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                    1544186                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.021691                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads         160041114                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes        118915007                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     60309315                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads           15068222                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes          17547333                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      6724535                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses              63392947                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses                7542370                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads          235894                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      5661294                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses         4131                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          293                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores      1598456                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         3332                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            4                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles               1353893                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles                6115645                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles                10725                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts           89387289                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts            50778                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts              9454096                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts             3310725                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts             87934                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                  5236                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                 3465                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           293                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        404288                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1297309                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts             1701597                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts             68194891                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts              6934508                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts          2994324                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                     9325798                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                 6290429                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                   2391290                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    2.233358                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                      67581157                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                     67033850                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                 49676472                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                 88603503                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      2.195334                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.560660                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts       47075000                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.commitNonSpecStalls            109                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts          1353734                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     23363154                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     1.811077                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     2.422122                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     10707234     45.83%     45.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      3061561     13.10%     58.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      3487340     14.93%     73.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      1884879      8.07%     81.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       954504      4.09%     86.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       789220      3.38%     89.39% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       323476      1.38%     90.78% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       322900      1.38%     92.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      1832040      7.84%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     23363154                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts            19199292                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps              42312470                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                       5505068                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                      3792800                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                         60                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                   4415267                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                   3208277                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                 39595074                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls              383030                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass       712064      1.68%      1.68% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu        33631227     79.48%     81.17% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult           1140      0.00%     81.17% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv           49627      0.12%     81.29% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd       2413344      5.70%     86.99% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     86.99% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     86.99% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     86.99% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     86.99% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     86.99% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     86.99% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     86.99% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     86.99% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     86.99% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     86.99% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     86.99% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     86.99% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     86.99% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     86.99% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     86.99% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     86.99% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     86.99% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     86.99% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     86.99% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     86.99% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     86.99% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     86.99% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     86.99% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     86.99% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     86.99% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     86.99% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     86.99% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead        3009422      7.11%     94.10% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite       1712268      4.05%     98.15% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead       783378      1.85%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::total         42312470                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events              1832040                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                   110918584                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                  186080139                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                            155                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                           1092                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.committedInsts                   19199292                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                     42312470                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                              1.590407                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                        1.590407                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              0.628770                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        0.628770                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads                87563273                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes               51551028                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads                 10660281                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_writes                 6316770                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_reads                 36666681                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_writes                17988386                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads               22179332                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements            20986                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs             495324                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs            20986                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs            23.602592                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data         1024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           11                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          122                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          725                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          108                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           58                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         33480694                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses        33480694                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data      6625830                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        6625830                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data      1701793                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       1701793                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data      8327623                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total         8327623                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data      8327623                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total        8327623                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data        26682                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        26682                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data        10622                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total        10622                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data        37304                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total         37304                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data        37304                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total        37304                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data   1948116500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1948116500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data   1002937500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   1002937500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data   2951054000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2951054000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data   2951054000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2951054000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data      6652512                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      6652512                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data      1712415                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1712415                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data      8364927                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total      8364927                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data      8364927                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total      8364927                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.004011                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.004011                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.006203                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.006203                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.004460                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.004460                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.004460                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.004460                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 73012.386628                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 73012.386628                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94420.777631                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 94420.777631                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 79108.245765                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 79108.245765                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 79108.245765                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 79108.245765                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           81                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                4                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    20.250000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        17433                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total            17433                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data        15774                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        15774                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data          528                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          528                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data        16302                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        16302                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data        16302                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        16302                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        10908                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        10908                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        10094                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        10094                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        21002                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        21002                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        21002                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        21002                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    925293000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    925293000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    949876000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    949876000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   1875169000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1875169000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   1875169000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1875169000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.001640                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001640                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.005895                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005895                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.002511                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002511                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.002511                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002511                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84827.007701                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84827.007701                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94103.031504                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 94103.031504                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 89285.258547                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 89285.258547                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 89285.258547                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 89285.258547                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements             1328                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse         1022.705720                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs             118398                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs             1328                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs            89.155120                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst  1022.705720                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.998736                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.998736                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1022                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            6                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            7                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         1004                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.998047                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses         26108043                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses        26108043                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst      6525288                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        6525288                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst      6525288                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total         6525288                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst      6525288                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total        6525288                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst         1387                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         1387                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu0.inst         1387                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total          1387                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu0.inst         1387                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total         1387                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     17968000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     17968000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     17968000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     17968000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     17968000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     17968000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst      6526675                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      6526675                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst      6526675                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total      6526675                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst      6526675                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total      6526675                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000213                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000213                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000213                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000213                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000213                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000213                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 12954.578226                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 12954.578226                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 12954.578226                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 12954.578226                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 12954.578226                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 12954.578226                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::writebacks         1328                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total             1328                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst           44                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           44                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst           44                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           44                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst           44                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           44                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst         1343                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1343                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst         1343                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1343                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst         1343                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1343                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     16371000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     16371000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     16371000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     16371000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     16371000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     16371000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000206                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000206                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000206                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000206                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000206                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000206                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 12189.873418                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12189.873418                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 12189.873418                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12189.873418                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 12189.873418                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12189.873418                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu1.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                     18526                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                        16384                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                       20284                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                     18526                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      1.094894                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks       15.604748                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst        17.280887                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     16351.114365                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.000952                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst        0.001055                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.997993                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total                   1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           11                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          107                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         1034                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3        10512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         4720                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                    375374                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                   375374                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks        17433                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total            17433                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks         1328                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total             1328                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data                84                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                    84                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu0.inst           1326                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total               1326                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data          2381                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total              2381                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.inst                 1326                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data                 2465                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                     3791                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.inst                1326                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data                2465                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                    3791                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu0.data             16                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::total                 16                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data            9996                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                9996                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu0.inst            2                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total                2                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data         8525                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total            8525                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.inst                  2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data              18521                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                  18523                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.inst                 2                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data             18521                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                 18523                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    933522500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     933522500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       399000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total       399000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    883355500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total    883355500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       399000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data   1816878000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total       1817277000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       399000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data   1816878000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total      1817277000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks        17433                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        17433                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks         1328                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total         1328                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu0.data           16                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total               16                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data         10080                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total             10080                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu0.inst         1328                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total           1328                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data        10906                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         10906                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst             1328                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data            20986                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total                22314                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst            1328                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data           20986                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total               22314                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total               1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.991667                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.991667                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.001506                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.001506                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.781680                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.781680                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst        0.001506                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.882541                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.830107                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst       0.001506                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.882541                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.830107                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 93389.605842                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 93389.605842                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       199500                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total       199500                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 103619.413490                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 103619.413490                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       199500                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 98098.266832                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 98109.215570                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       199500                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 98098.266832                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 98109.215570                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                16953                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                     16953                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data           16                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total            16                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         9996                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           9996                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            2                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total            2                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         8525                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total         8525                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst             2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         18521                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total             18523                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            2                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        18521                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total            18523                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data       319000                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       319000                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    833562500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    833562500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       379000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       379000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    798105500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    798105500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       379000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   1631668000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1632047000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       379000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   1631668000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1632047000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.991667                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.991667                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.001506                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001506                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.781680                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.781680                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.001506                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.882541                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.830107                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.001506                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.882541                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.830107                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 19937.500000                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19937.500000                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 83389.605842                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 83389.605842                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       189500                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       189500                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 93619.413490                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 93619.413490                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       189500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 88098.266832                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 88109.215570                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       189500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 88098.266832                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 88109.215570                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests         37055                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests        18536                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               8527                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        16953                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict             1563                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq               16                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq              9996                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp             9996                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq          8527                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port        55578                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total        55578                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  55578                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port      2270464                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total      2270464                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 2270464                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples             18539                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                   18539    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total               18539                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer4.occupancy           109372000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer4.utilization               0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy          100519000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        44659                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests        22312                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests           69                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops             10                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops           10                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp             12249                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        34386                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean         1328                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict            5126                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq              16                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp             16                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            10080                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           10080                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq          1343                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        10906                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         3999                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        62990                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                 66989                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       169984                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      2458816                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total                2628800                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                           18541                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                   1085952                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples            40871                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.001884                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.043364                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                  40794     99.81%     99.81% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                     77      0.19%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total              40871                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy           41090500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy           2014500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy          31487499                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
