
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.015267                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 15267344125                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               10458130725625                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                               59143184                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                110462044                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              146330199                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1248976                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   104.34                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  6170695135                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   11525042611                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.inst          20928                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data        9979520                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total           10000448                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst        20928                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total         20928                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks      9899968                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total         9899968                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.inst             327                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data          155930                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total              156257                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks        154687                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total             154687                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.inst           1370769                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data         653651344                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             655022112                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst      1370769                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total          1370769                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks       648440745                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total            648440745                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks       648440745                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.inst          1370769                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data        653651344                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total           1303462858                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                      156258                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                     154687                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                    156258                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                   154687                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM               10000448                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                       0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                 9900288                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                10000512                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys              9899968                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                      0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0             10024                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1             10155                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2             10126                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3             10067                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4              9747                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5              9365                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6              9461                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7              9473                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8              9412                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9              9579                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10             9887                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11             9692                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12             9543                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13             9662                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14            10045                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15            10019                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0              9906                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1             10107                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2              9928                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3             10002                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4              9631                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5              9309                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6              9328                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7              9228                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8              9279                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9              9559                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10             9836                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11             9665                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12             9406                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13             9603                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14             9962                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15             9943                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   15267320000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                156258                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6               154687                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                  155340                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                     591                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                     218                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                      93                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                      13                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                     20                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                     23                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                   9580                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                   9622                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                   9656                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                   9666                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                   9673                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                   9668                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                   9673                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                   9673                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                   9670                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                   9678                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                   9686                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                   9681                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                   9681                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                   9688                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                   9677                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                   9667                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples        27540                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    722.609731                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   565.085923                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   358.580564                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127         1960      7.12%      7.12% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255         2386      8.66%     15.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383         2058      7.47%     23.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1868      6.78%     30.04% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639         1442      5.24%     35.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767         1674      6.08%     41.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1191      4.32%     45.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         1505      5.46%     51.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151        13456     48.86%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total        27540                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples         9663                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean      16.171686                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     16.118297                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev      1.661046                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4-7               7      0.07%      0.07% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::8-11             36      0.37%      0.44% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::12-15            84      0.87%      1.31% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::16-19          9354     96.80%     98.12% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::20-23           136      1.41%     99.52% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::24-27            28      0.29%     99.81% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::28-31             6      0.06%     99.88% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::32-35             2      0.02%     99.90% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::36-39             1      0.01%     99.91% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::40-43             2      0.02%     99.93% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::44-47             2      0.02%     99.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::48-51             2      0.02%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::64-67             1      0.01%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::72-75             1      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::76-79             1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total          9663                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples         9662                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      16.009211                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.008304                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.184308                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16             9633     99.70%     99.70% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::17                3      0.03%     99.73% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18                9      0.09%     99.82% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::19                7      0.07%     99.90% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::20                5      0.05%     99.95% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::21                3      0.03%     99.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::22                2      0.02%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total          9662                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                   2888429750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat              5818248500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                  781285000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     18485.00                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    4999.97                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                37234.88                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       655.02                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                       648.46                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    655.03                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                    648.44                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                        10.18                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     5.12                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    5.07                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.01                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      26.18                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                   142753                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                  140656                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 91.36                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                90.93                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                      49099.74                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    91.14                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                 98746200                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                 52481055                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy               559904520                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy              404200260                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         756007200.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy           1523451540                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             63360000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy      2078715900                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy       329730240                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy       1572305100                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy             7438902015                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            487.242703                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime          11761372250                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE     43602750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     320418000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF   6344174250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    858684000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    3141951125                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   4558514000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                 97889400                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                 52033245                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy               555770460                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy              403260660                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         746172960.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy           1509082410                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             66122880                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy      2071387410                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy       309463200                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy       1592456040                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy             7403904315                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            484.950379                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime          11726723000                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE     50560000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     316252000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF   6436756125                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    805850000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    3115361250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   4542564750                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups                1314172                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted          1314172                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect             6191                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups             1306716                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                   3398                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect               745                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectLookups        1306716                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectHits           1273356                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectMisses           33360                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu0.branchPredindirectMispredicted         4359                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                     346703                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                    1300753                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                          742                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                         2645                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                      47507                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                          227                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                   50                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                        30534688                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles             69739                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                       5745313                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                    1314172                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches           1276754                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                     30430321                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                  12902                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.MiscStallCycles                 125                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles          926                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                    47367                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes                 1797                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples          30507562                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             0.379656                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            1.652296                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                28831780     94.51%     94.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                   39392      0.13%     94.64% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                   42292      0.14%     94.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                  224116      0.73%     95.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                   26725      0.09%     95.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                    8315      0.03%     95.62% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                    8686      0.03%     95.65% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                   24576      0.08%     95.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                 1301680      4.27%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total            30507562                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.043039                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       0.188157                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                  419911                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles             28628924                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                   631297                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles               820979                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles                  6451                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts              11521772                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles                  6451                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                  694082                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles                 228074                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles         13499                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                  1177036                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles             28388420                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts              11490652                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents                 1176                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents                 18013                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LQFullEvents                  4801                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu0.rename.SQFullEvents              28097160                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands           14644981                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups             24289717                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups        13187234                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.fp_rename_lookups           307208                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps             14394410                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                  250590                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts               129                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts           137                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                  4990515                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads              356125                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores            1307969                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads            20464                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores           19418                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                  11434126                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded                720                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                 11376059                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued             1805                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined         160921                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       235395                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           610                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     30507562                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        0.372893                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       1.249708                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           27422333     89.89%     89.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1             469161      1.54%     91.42% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2             557596      1.83%     93.25% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3             346978      1.14%     94.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4             334326      1.10%     95.49% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5            1066698      3.50%     98.98% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6             117757      0.39%     99.37% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7             168268      0.55%     99.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8              24445      0.08%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       30507562                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                  72452     94.26%     94.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     94.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     94.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                  431      0.56%     94.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     94.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     94.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     94.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     94.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     94.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     94.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     94.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     94.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     94.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     94.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     94.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     94.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     94.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     94.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     94.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     94.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     94.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     94.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     94.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     94.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     94.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     94.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     94.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     94.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     94.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     94.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     94.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                   815      1.06%     95.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                  199      0.26%     96.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead             2776      3.61%     99.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite             194      0.25%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass             4136      0.04%      0.04% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu              9636280     84.71%     84.74% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                  81      0.00%     84.74% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                  270      0.00%     84.75% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd              83891      0.74%     85.48% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     85.48% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     85.48% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     85.48% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     85.48% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     85.48% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     85.48% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     85.48% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     85.48% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     85.48% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     85.48% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     85.48% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     85.48% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     85.48% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     85.48% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     85.48% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     85.48% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     85.48% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     85.48% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     85.48% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     85.48% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     85.48% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     85.48% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     85.48% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     85.48% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     85.48% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.48% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     85.48% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead              302880      2.66%     88.15% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite            1263949     11.11%     99.26% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead          46417      0.41%     99.66% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite         38155      0.34%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total              11376059                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          0.372562                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                      76867                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.006757                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads          52962412                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes         11389753                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     11169929                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads             375941                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            206200                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       184249                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses              11259165                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses                 189625                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads            1975                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        22149                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           47                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          196                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        11952                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           12                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked          609                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles                  6451                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles                  55205                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles               140660                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts           11434846                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts              813                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts               356125                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts             1307969                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts               319                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                   402                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents               140088                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           196                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect          1729                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         6065                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts                7794                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts             11361509                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts               346541                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts            14551                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                     1647275                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                 1289357                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                   1300734                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    0.372085                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                      11357249                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                     11354178                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                  8296499                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                 11638922                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      0.371845                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.712824                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts         161170                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.commitNonSpecStalls            110                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts             6308                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     30481814                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.369858                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.273967                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     27487806     90.18%     90.18% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       337730      1.11%     91.29% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       322433      1.06%     92.34% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      1150191      3.77%     96.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        66862      0.22%     96.34% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       731402      2.40%     98.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        72363      0.24%     98.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        22088      0.07%     99.05% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       290939      0.95%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     30481814                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts             5571896                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps              11273933                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                       1629994                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                       333976                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                         40                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                   1283126                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                    180780                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                 11176497                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls                1044                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass         2233      0.02%      0.02% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu         9559421     84.79%     84.81% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult             66      0.00%     84.81% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv             220      0.00%     84.81% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd         81999      0.73%     85.54% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     85.54% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     85.54% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.54% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.54% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     85.54% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     85.54% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.54% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     85.54% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.54% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     85.54% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     85.54% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     85.54% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     85.54% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     85.54% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.54% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.54% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.54% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     85.54% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.54% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.54% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.54% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.54% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.54% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     85.54% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.54% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.54% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.54% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead         289791      2.57%     88.11% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite       1258340     11.16%     99.27% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead        44185      0.39%     99.67% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite        37678      0.33%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::total         11273933                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events               290939                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                    41625978                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                   22896398                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                            271                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                          27126                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.committedInsts                    5571896                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                     11273933                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                              5.480125                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                        5.480125                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              0.182478                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        0.182478                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads                12978684                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes                8617420                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads                   286182                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_writes                  145422                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_reads                  6433920                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_writes                 5724148                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads                4232794                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements           155987                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs            1492210                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           155987                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs             9.566246                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data         1024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          105                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          919                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          6714335                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses         6714335                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data       339975                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         339975                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data      1141318                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       1141318                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data      1481293                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total         1481293                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data      1481293                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total        1481293                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data         3587                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         3587                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data       154707                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       154707                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data       158294                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total        158294                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data       158294                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total       158294                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    338760000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    338760000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13968054996                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  13968054996                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  14306814996                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  14306814996                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  14306814996                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  14306814996                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data       343562                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       343562                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data      1296025                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1296025                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data      1639587                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1639587                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data      1639587                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1639587                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.010441                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010441                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.119370                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.119370                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.096545                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.096545                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.096545                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.096545                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94441.037078                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 94441.037078                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 90287.155694                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 90287.155694                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 90381.284167                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 90381.284167                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 90381.284167                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 90381.284167                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        14836                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets          190                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs              155                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              2                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    95.716129                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets           95                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       155050                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total           155050                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data         2292                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         2292                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data            8                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data         2300                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         2300                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data         2300                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         2300                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         1295                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1295                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       154699                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       154699                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       155994                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       155994                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       155994                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       155994                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    137994500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    137994500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13812746497                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  13812746497                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13950740997                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  13950740997                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13950740997                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  13950740997                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.003769                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003769                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.119364                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.119364                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.095142                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.095142                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.095142                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.095142                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 106559.459459                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106559.459459                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 89287.884841                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 89287.884841                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 89431.266568                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 89431.266568                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 89431.266568                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 89431.266568                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements              597                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse         1019.569007                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs              12609                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs              597                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs            21.120603                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst  1019.569007                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.995673                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.995673                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1020                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          209                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          811                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.996094                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses           190072                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses          190072                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst        46615                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          46615                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst        46615                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total           46615                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst        46615                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total          46615                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst          752                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          752                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu0.inst          752                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total           752                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu0.inst          752                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total          752                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     48340000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     48340000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     48340000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     48340000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     48340000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     48340000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst        47367                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        47367                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst        47367                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total        47367                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst        47367                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total        47367                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.015876                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015876                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.015876                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.015876                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.015876                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.015876                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 64281.914894                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 64281.914894                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 64281.914894                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 64281.914894                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 64281.914894                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 64281.914894                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           11                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           11                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::writebacks          597                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total              597                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst          148                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          148                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst          148                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          148                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst          148                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          148                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          604                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          604                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          604                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          604                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          604                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          604                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     39003000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     39003000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     39003000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     39003000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     39003000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     39003000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.012751                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.012751                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.012751                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.012751                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.012751                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.012751                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 64574.503311                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64574.503311                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 64574.503311                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64574.503311                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 64574.503311                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64574.503311                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu1.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                    156776                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                        16384                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                      156261                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                    156776                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      0.996715                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks       61.534463                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst        37.801875                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     16284.663662                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.003756                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst        0.002307                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.993937                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total                   1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          105                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          962                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         9513                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         5804                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                   2662000                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                  2662000                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks       155050                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total           155050                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks          597                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total              597                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu0.data                6                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total                    6                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data                19                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                    19                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu0.inst            272                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total                272                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data            38                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total                38                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.inst                  272                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data                   57                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                      329                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.inst                 272                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data                  57                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                     329                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data          154674                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total              154674                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu0.inst          327                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total              327                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data         1257                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total            1257                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.inst                327                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data             155931                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 156258                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.inst               327                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data            155931                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                156258                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13580404500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   13580404500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     35143500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total     35143500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    135591000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total    135591000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     35143500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13715995500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      13751139000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     35143500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13715995500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     13751139000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks       155050                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       155050                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks          597                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total          597                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu0.data            6                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total                6                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data        154693                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total            154693                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu0.inst          599                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total            599                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data         1295                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total          1295                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst              599                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data           155988                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               156587                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst             599                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data          155988                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              156587                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.999877                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.999877                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.545910                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.545910                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.970656                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.970656                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst        0.545910                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.999635                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.997899                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst       0.545910                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.999635                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.997899                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 87800.176500                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 87800.176500                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 107472.477064                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 107472.477064                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 107868.735084                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 107868.735084                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 107472.477064                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 87961.954326                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 88002.783857                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 107472.477064                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 87961.954326                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 88002.783857                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks               154687                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                    154687                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       154674                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total         154674                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          327                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total          327                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         1257                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total         1257                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst           327                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        155931                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            156258                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          327                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       155931                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           156258                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  12033674500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  12033674500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     31873500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     31873500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    123021000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    123021000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     31873500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  12156695500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  12188569000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     31873500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  12156695500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  12188569000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.999877                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999877                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.545910                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.545910                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.970656                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.970656                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.545910                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.999635                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.997899                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.545910                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.999635                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.997899                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 77800.241152                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77800.241152                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 97472.477064                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 97472.477064                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 97868.735084                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 97868.735084                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 97472.477064                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 77962.018457                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78002.847854                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 97472.477064                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 77962.018457                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78002.847854                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        312369                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       156127                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               1584                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       154687                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict             1424                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            154674                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           154673                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq          1584                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       468626                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total       468626                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 468626                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     19900416                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total     19900416                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                19900416                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            156258                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                  156258    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              156258                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer4.occupancy           931634500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer4.utilization               6.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy          821777750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              5.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       313182                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       156585                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests           93                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops            745                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops          745                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp              1899                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       309737                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean          597                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict            3026                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq               6                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp              6                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq           154693                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp          154692                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq           604                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         1295                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         1800                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       467974                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                469774                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        76544                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     19906368                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total               19982912                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                          156781                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                   9900288                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples           313374                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.002674                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.051643                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                 312536     99.73%     99.73% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                    838      0.27%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total             313374                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy          312238000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              2.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy            906000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy         233984498                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             1.5                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
