
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.015267                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 15267344125                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               10931418393500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                               55567128                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                104048183                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              133409656                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1248976                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   114.44                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  6359076611                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   11907227990                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.inst            576                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data       25739200                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total           25739776                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst          576                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total           576                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks     23030784                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total        23030784                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.inst               9                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data          402175                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total              402184                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks        359856                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total             359856                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.inst             37728                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data        1685898987                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total            1685936715                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst        37728                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total            37728                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks      1508499698                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total           1508499698                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks      1508499698                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.inst            37728                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data       1685898987                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total           3194436413                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                      402188                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                     359856                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                    402188                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                   359856                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM               25739008                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                     768                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                23030848                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                25740032                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys             23030784                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                     12                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0             25496                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1             24926                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2             25071                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3             25101                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4             25361                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5             25278                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6             24639                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7             24780                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8             24987                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9             24700                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10            24937                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11            25073                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12            25433                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13            25403                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14            25684                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15            25303                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0             22828                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1             22288                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2             22486                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3             22456                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4             22651                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5             22564                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6             22135                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7             22118                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8             22333                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9             22106                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10            22347                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11            22442                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12            22767                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13            22745                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14            22921                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15            22670                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   15267362000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                402188                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6               359856                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                  142298                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                  118441                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                   90245                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                   51188                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                      3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                     16                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                   5140                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                  12619                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                  18953                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                  22647                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                  23178                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                  23604                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                  23952                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                  24267                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                  24331                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                  24621                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                  24815                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                  24821                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                  27331                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                  32197                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                  24104                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                  22885                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                    230                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                     72                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                     37                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                     20                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      8                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples       388753                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    125.451544                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean    89.890431                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   156.576338                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127       290632     74.76%     74.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255        48572     12.49%     87.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383        21916      5.64%     92.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511         9977      2.57%     95.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639         6641      1.71%     97.17% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767         4063      1.05%     98.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895         2247      0.58%     98.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         1167      0.30%     99.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         3538      0.91%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total       388753                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples        22483                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean      17.888316                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     17.748405                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev      2.272047                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::10                4      0.02%      0.02% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::11                7      0.03%      0.05% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::12               11      0.05%      0.10% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::13              160      0.71%      0.81% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::14              664      2.95%      3.76% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::15             1954      8.69%     12.45% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::16             4025     17.90%     30.36% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::17             3893     17.32%     47.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::18             3642     16.20%     63.87% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::19             3093     13.76%     77.63% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::20             2247      9.99%     87.62% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::21             1293      5.75%     93.37% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::22              701      3.12%     96.49% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::23              405      1.80%     98.29% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::24              210      0.93%     99.23% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::25               95      0.42%     99.65% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::26               51      0.23%     99.88% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::27               15      0.07%     99.94% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::28               10      0.04%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::29                2      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::30                1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total         22483                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples        22482                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      16.006049                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.005662                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.117272                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16            22406     99.66%     99.66% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::17               38      0.17%     99.83% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18               21      0.09%     99.92% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::19               12      0.05%     99.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::20                5      0.02%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total         22482                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                  16412371750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat             23953096750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                 2010860000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     40808.93                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    4999.95                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                59558.74                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                      1685.89                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                      1508.50                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                   1685.95                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                   1508.50                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                        24.96                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                    13.17                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                   11.79                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       2.77                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      27.20                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                   304895                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                   68372                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 75.81                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                19.00                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                      20034.75                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    48.98                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy               1387323420                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                737360910                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy              1432655280                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy              937115280                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         1134625440.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy           4444604070                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             33092160                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy      1884976320                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy       107580480                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy        254272080                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy            12353605440                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            809.152223                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime           5434108625                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE     14542250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     480062000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF   1020351000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    280160000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    9338631250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   4133597625                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy               1388430120                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                737941545                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy              1438852800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy              941327820                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         1132781520.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy           4450106280                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             33389760                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy      1881358530                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy        98587680                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy        258162540                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy            12360938595                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            809.632539                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime           5421717125                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE     14649000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     479276000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF   1038860625                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    256716750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    9351702000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   4126139750                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups                1075165                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted          1075165                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect              456                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups              880816                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                    107                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 5                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectLookups         880816                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectHits            362472                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectMisses          518344                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu0.branchPredindirectMispredicted          191                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                    2391383                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                     891050                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                        85174                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                           57                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                     558734                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                           78                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                    0                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                        30534689                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles            559280                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                       4930538                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                    1075165                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches            362579                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                     29972800                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                   1012                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.MiscStallCycles                   9                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles          464                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingQuiesceStallCycles          181                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending quiesce instructions
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                   558656                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes                  107                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples          30533240                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             0.287755                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            1.358803                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                28983673     94.92%     94.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                   85296      0.28%     95.20% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                  117889      0.39%     95.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                  153531      0.50%     96.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                  245597      0.80%     96.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                   82091      0.27%     97.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                  129063      0.42%     97.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                   51597      0.17%     97.76% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                  684503      2.24%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total            30533240                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.035211                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       0.161473                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                  268061                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles             29154591                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                   440909                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles               669173                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles                   506                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts               8776615                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles                   506                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                  515706                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles               21941219                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles          1583                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                   798279                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles              7275947                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts               8773996                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents                 1130                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents               2717529                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LQFullEvents               5893121                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu0.rename.SQFullEvents                    15                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands           10238860                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups             23920223                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups        13237624                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.fp_rename_lookups               19                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps             10204417                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                   34376                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts                 6                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts             6                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                  4002553                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads             1659345                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores             892380                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads           428615                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores          109617                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                   8770120                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded                 35                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                  9495209                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued              152                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined          26375                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined        39937                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            32                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     30533240                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        0.310979                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       1.078410                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           27052444     88.60%     88.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1            1299965      4.26%     92.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2             664722      2.18%     95.03% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3             497512      1.63%     96.66% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4             372066      1.22%     97.88% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5             283800      0.93%     98.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6             150207      0.49%     99.30% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7             135434      0.44%     99.75% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8              77090      0.25%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       30533240                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                   4901      1.80%      1.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%      1.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%      1.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0      0.00%      1.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%      1.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%      1.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%      1.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%      1.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%      1.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%      1.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%      1.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%      1.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%      1.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%      1.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%      1.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%      1.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%      1.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%      1.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%      1.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%      1.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%      1.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%      1.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%      1.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%      1.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%      1.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%      1.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%      1.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%      1.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%      1.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%      1.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%      1.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                145463     53.30%     55.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite               122551     44.90%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass              188      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu              6212168     65.42%     65.43% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0      0.00%     65.43% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0      0.00%     65.43% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  8      0.00%     65.43% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     65.43% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     65.43% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     65.43% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     65.43% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     65.43% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     65.43% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     65.43% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     65.43% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     65.43% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     65.43% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     65.43% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     65.43% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     65.43% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     65.43% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     65.43% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     65.43% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     65.43% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     65.43% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     65.43% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     65.43% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     65.43% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     65.43% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     65.43% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     65.43% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     65.43% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     65.43% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     65.43% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead             2391638     25.19%     90.61% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite             891207      9.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total               9495209                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          0.310965                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                     272915                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.028742                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads          49796707                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes          8796548                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      8759224                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                 18                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                26                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            9                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses               9767927                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      9                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads          158764                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads         4219                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            1                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           44                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         3233                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            3                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked       844098                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles                   506                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles               16712843                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles              4270435                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts            8770155                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts               41                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts              1659345                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts              892380                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                17                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                 87427                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents              4101824                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents            44                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect           170                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect          440                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts                 610                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts              9494224                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts              2391382                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts              985                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                     3282431                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                 1071565                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                    891049                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    0.310932                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                       8759449                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                      8759233                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                  6143687                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                 11237292                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      0.286862                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.546723                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts          26385                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.commitNonSpecStalls              3                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts              466                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     30529441                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.286403                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.324420                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     28632133     93.79%     93.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       361223      1.18%     94.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       226687      0.74%     95.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       404974      1.33%     97.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        66715      0.22%     97.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        21681      0.07%     97.33% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        73391      0.24%     97.57% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        42500      0.14%     97.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       700137      2.29%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     30529441                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts             4907165                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps               8743726                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                       2544254                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                      1655111                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                          2                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                   1070485                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                  8743711                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass           13      0.00%      0.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu         6199459     70.90%     70.90% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0      0.00%     70.90% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0      0.00%     70.90% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0      0.00%     70.90% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     70.90% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     70.90% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     70.90% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     70.90% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     70.90% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     70.90% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     70.90% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     70.90% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     70.90% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     70.90% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     70.90% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     70.90% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     70.90% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     70.90% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     70.90% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     70.90% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     70.90% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     70.90% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     70.90% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     70.90% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     70.90% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     70.90% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     70.90% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     70.90% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     70.90% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     70.90% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     70.90% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead        1655111     18.93%     89.83% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite        889143     10.17%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::total          8743726                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events               700137                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                    38599415                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                   17544088                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                             22                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                           1449                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.committedInsts                    4907165                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                      8743726                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                              6.222470                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                        6.222470                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              0.160708                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        0.160708                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads                14677834                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes                6796567                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads                       15                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_writes                       9                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_reads                  5969789                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_writes                 3423776                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads                5427302                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements           438548                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs            1305874                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           438548                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs             2.977722                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data         1024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          334                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          688                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          9988648                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses         9988648                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data       640065                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         640065                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data       889133                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        889133                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data      1529198                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total         1529198                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data      1529198                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total        1529198                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data       858319                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       858319                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data            8                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            8                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data       858327                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total        858327                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data       858327                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total       858327                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  78075375500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  78075375500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data       978498                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total       978498                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  78076353998                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  78076353998                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  78076353998                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  78076353998                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data      1498384                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1498384                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data       889141                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       889141                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data      2387525                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total      2387525                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data      2387525                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total      2387525                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.572830                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.572830                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000009                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000009                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.359505                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.359505                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.359505                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.359505                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 90963.121520                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 90963.121520                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 122312.250000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 122312.250000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 90963.413708                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 90963.413708                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 90963.413708                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 90963.413708                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs     14637159                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs           237950                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    61.513591                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       393690                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total           393690                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       419776                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       419776                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       419776                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       419776                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       419776                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       419776                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       438543                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       438543                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data            8                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            8                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       438551                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       438551                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       438551                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       438551                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  45787909000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  45787909000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data       970498                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       970498                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  45788879498                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  45788879498                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  45788879498                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  45788879498                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.292677                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.292677                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000009                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000009                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.183684                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.183684                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.183684                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.183684                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 104409.166262                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104409.166262                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 121312.250000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 121312.250000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 104409.474606                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104409.474606                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 104409.474606                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104409.474606                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements                9                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse                1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs             823760                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs                9                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs         91528.888889                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst         1024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         1021                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses          2234633                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses         2234633                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst       558644                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         558644                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst       558644                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total          558644                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst       558644                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total         558644                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst           12                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           12                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu0.inst           12                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total            12                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu0.inst           12                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total           12                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst      1098000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      1098000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst      1098000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      1098000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst      1098000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      1098000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst       558656                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       558656                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst       558656                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total       558656                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst       558656                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total       558656                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000021                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000021                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000021                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        91500                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total        91500                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        91500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total        91500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        91500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total        91500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::writebacks            9                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total                9                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst            3                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst            3                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            9                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total            9                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       889500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       889500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       889500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total       889500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       889500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total       889500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000016                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000016                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000016                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000016                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000016                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000016                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 98833.333333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98833.333333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 98833.333333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98833.333333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 98833.333333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98833.333333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu1.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                    402194                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                        16384                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                      470947                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                    402194                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      1.170945                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks        0.329143                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst         0.286680                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     16383.384177                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.000020                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst        0.000017                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.999962                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total                   1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          297                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1         2777                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2        13037                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          273                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                   7419082                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                  7419082                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks       393690                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total           393690                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks            9                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total                9                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data                 1                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                     1                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data         36371                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total             36371                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data                36372                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                    36372                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data               36372                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                   36372                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data               7                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                   7                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu0.inst            9                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total                9                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data       402172                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total          402172                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.inst                  9                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data             402179                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 402188                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.inst                 9                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data            402179                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                402188                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data       945000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total        945000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       875500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total       875500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  44675929500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total  44675929500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       875500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  44676874500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      44677750000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       875500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  44676874500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     44677750000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks       393690                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       393690                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks            9                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total            9                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data             8                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total                 8                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu0.inst            9                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total              9                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data       438543                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        438543                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst                9                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data           438551                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               438560                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst               9                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data          438551                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              438560                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.875000                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.875000                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.917064                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.917064                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.917063                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.917065                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.917063                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.917065                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data       135000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total       135000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 97277.777778                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 97277.777778                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 111086.623385                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 111086.623385                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 97277.777778                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 111087.039602                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 111086.730584                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 97277.777778                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 111087.039602                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 111086.730584                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks               359856                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                    359856                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data            7                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total              7                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            9                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total            9                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       402172                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total       402172                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst             9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        402179                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            402188                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            9                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       402179                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           402188                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data       875000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       875000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       785500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       785500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  40654239500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  40654239500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       785500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  40655114500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  40655900000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       785500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  40655114500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  40655900000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.875000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.875000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.917064                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.917064                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.917063                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.917065                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.917063                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.917065                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data       125000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       125000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 87277.777778                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 87277.777778                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 101086.697980                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101086.697980                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 87277.777778                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 101087.114195                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101086.805176                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 87277.777778                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 101087.114195                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101086.805176                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        804373                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       402185                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             402178                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       359856                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict            42329                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq                 7                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp                7                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        402181                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port      1206558                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total      1206558                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                1206558                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     48770624                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total     48770624                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                48770624                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            402188                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                  402188    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              402188                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer4.occupancy          2306653500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer4.utilization              15.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         2106448750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization             13.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       877117                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       438557                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests           10                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops             14                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops           14                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp            438549                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       753546                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean            9                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict           87196                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq                8                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp               8                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq             9                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       438543                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side           27                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      1315647                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total               1315674                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         1152                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     53263232                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total               53264384                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                          402194                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                  23030784                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples           840754                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.000029                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.005343                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                 840730    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                     24      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total             840754                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy          832257500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              5.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy             13500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy         657822000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             4.3                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
