
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.015267                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 15267344125                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               2824458663125                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                               56622162                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                104780963                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              157637526                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1248976                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                    96.85                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  5483909115                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   10148134902                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.inst            320                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data       11298560                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total           11298880                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst          320                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total           320                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks        90880                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total           90880                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.inst               5                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data          176540                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total              176545                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks          1420                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total               1420                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.inst             20960                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data         740047510                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             740068470                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst        20960                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total            20960                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks         5952574                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total              5952574                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks         5952574                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.inst            20960                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data        740047510                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            746021044                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                      176544                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                       1420                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                    176544                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                     1420                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM               11287488                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                   11328                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                   90944                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                11298816                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys                90880                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                    177                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0             10669                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1             10853                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2             10516                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3             10755                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4             10825                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5             10983                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6             10986                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7             10807                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8             10665                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9             10358                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10            10054                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11            10997                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12            12705                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13            12233                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14            11703                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15            11258                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0                19                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4                48                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6                 2                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7                11                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8               111                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9               128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10              128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11              128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12              445                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13              128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14              126                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15              147                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   15267268000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                176544                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                 1420                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                  135010                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                   38383                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                    2883                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                      91                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                      6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                      7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                     88                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                     88                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                     88                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                     88                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                     88                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                     88                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                     88                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                     88                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                     87                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                     88                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                     88                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                     88                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                     88                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                     88                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                     88                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                     88                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples        96193                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    118.293514                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   102.034292                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev    72.993041                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127        48297     50.21%     50.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255        39673     41.24%     91.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383         7199      7.48%     98.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511          863      0.90%     99.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639           89      0.09%     99.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767           29      0.03%     99.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895           16      0.02%     99.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023            7      0.01%     99.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           20      0.02%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total        96193                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples           88                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean    2007.318182                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean   1955.888634                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    465.809283                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1279            3      3.41%      3.41% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1280-1407            4      4.55%      7.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1408-1535            7      7.95%     15.91% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1536-1663            8      9.09%     25.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1664-1791            4      4.55%     29.55% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1792-1919           13     14.77%     44.32% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1920-2047           10     11.36%     55.68% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2048-2175           15     17.05%     72.73% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2176-2303            8      9.09%     81.82% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2304-2431            2      2.27%     84.09% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2432-2559            3      3.41%     87.50% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2560-2687            2      2.27%     89.77% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2688-2815            4      4.55%     94.32% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2816-2943            1      1.14%     95.45% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2944-3071            1      1.14%     96.59% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::3072-3199            1      1.14%     97.73% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::3200-3327            2      2.27%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total            88                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples           88                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      16.147727                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.140123                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.515055                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16               81     92.05%     92.05% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::17                1      1.14%     93.18% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18                6      6.82%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total            88                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                   4438396500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat              7745277750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                  881835000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     25165.69                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                43915.69                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       739.32                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                         5.96                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    740.06                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                      5.95                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         5.82                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     5.78                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.05                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.29                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      25.49                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                    80377                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                    1219                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 45.57                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                85.85                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                      85788.52                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    45.90                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                336101220                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                178642035                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy               616853160                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy                 417600                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         1205309040.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy           1517248800                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             24720960                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy      5290145490                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy       105396480                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy                0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy             9274834785                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            607.494972                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime          11876272250                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE      9698500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     509860000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    274659250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    2871475250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  11601651125                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                350709660                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                186410400                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy               642414360                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy                7000020                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         1205309040.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy           1575452070                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             24644160                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy      5239185210                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy        99373920                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy                0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy             9330498840                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            611.140927                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime          11747842500                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE      9618000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     509860000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    258949000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    2999173500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  11489743625                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups                2404965                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted          2404965                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect           130718                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups             1926621                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                 114773                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect             16755                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectLookups        1926621                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectHits            955257                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectMisses          971364                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu0.branchPredindirectMispredicted        56326                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                    1213530                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                     169662                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                       201658                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                         2834                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                    1850258                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                         9057                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                    0                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                        30534688                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles           1913772                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                       7645286                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                    2404965                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches           1070030                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                     28343782                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                 267310                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.TlbCycles                      2956                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.cpu0.fetch.MiscStallCycles                2007                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles        75565                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                  1841201                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes                22558                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.ItlbSquashes                     11                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples          30471737                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             0.506478                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            1.785615                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                27655437     90.76%     90.76% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                   51645      0.17%     90.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                  798878      2.62%     93.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                   77345      0.25%     93.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                  196884      0.65%     94.45% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                  144217      0.47%     94.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                  138411      0.45%     95.38% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                   58613      0.19%     95.57% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                 1350307      4.43%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total            30471737                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.078762                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       0.250380                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                 1082483                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles             27283012                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                  1561118                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles               411469                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles                133655                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts              12997641                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles                133655                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                 1236459                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles               25803277                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles         32432                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                  1726843                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles              1539071                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts              12390436                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents               104742                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents               1162421                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LQFullEvents                286252                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu0.rename.SQFullEvents                  4420                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands           14725440                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups             33632688                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups        16985016                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.fp_rename_lookups           120568                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps              5289636                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                 9435801                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts               565                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts           751                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                  2404666                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads             2007701                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores             237905                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads            13051                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores           11247                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                  11516620                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded              12806                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                  8560863                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued            16634                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined        7145852                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     13522375                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         12806                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     30471737                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        0.280944                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       1.014197                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           27374919     89.84%     89.84% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1            1050259      3.45%     93.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2             619003      2.03%     95.32% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3             439929      1.44%     96.76% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4             470518      1.54%     98.30% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5             214545      0.70%     99.01% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6             172021      0.56%     99.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7              78456      0.26%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8              52087      0.17%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       30471737                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                  34627     73.04%     73.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     73.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     73.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                 3930      8.29%     81.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     81.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     81.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     81.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     81.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     81.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     81.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     81.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     81.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     81.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     81.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     81.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     81.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     81.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     81.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     81.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     81.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     81.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     81.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     81.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     81.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     81.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     81.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     81.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     81.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     81.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     81.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     81.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                  7708     16.26%     97.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                  824      1.74%     99.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead              314      0.66%     99.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               6      0.01%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            45253      0.53%      0.53% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu              6958990     81.29%     81.82% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                3399      0.04%     81.86% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                36784      0.43%     82.29% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd              48351      0.56%     82.85% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     82.85% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     82.85% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     82.85% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     82.85% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     82.85% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     82.85% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     82.85% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     82.85% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     82.85% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     82.85% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     82.85% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     82.85% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     82.85% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     82.85% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     82.85% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     82.85% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     82.85% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     82.85% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     82.85% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     82.85% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     82.85% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     82.85% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     82.85% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     82.85% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     82.85% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     82.85% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     82.85% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead             1278113     14.93%     97.78% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite             181300      2.12%     99.90% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead           8659      0.10%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite            14      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total               8560863                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          0.280365                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                      47409                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.005538                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads          47538677                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes         18580531                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      8099971                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads             118829                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes             94750                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses        53322                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses               8501745                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses                  61274                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads           16064                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1290282                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          462                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            7                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       129507                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          173                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked         1443                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles                133655                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles               22967089                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles               303471                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts           11529426                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts             8779                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts              2007701                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts              237905                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts              4636                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                 26254                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                82188                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             7                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         62668                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        91372                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts              154040                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts              8344427                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts              1212513                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts           216436                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                     1382134                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                  945508                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                    169621                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    0.273277                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                       8201208                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                      8153293                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                  6066922                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                  9868947                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      0.267017                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.614749                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts        7146908                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts           133653                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     29428374                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.148957                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     0.768892                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     27752846     94.31%     94.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       700362      2.38%     96.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       202882      0.69%     97.38% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       448058      1.52%     98.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       102302      0.35%     99.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        66485      0.23%     99.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        18740      0.06%     99.54% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        14393      0.05%     99.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       122306      0.42%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     29428374                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts             2199275                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps               4383572                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                        825817                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                       717419                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                    690158                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                     43524                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                  4339548                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls               19125                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass        13196      0.30%      0.30% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu         3474489     79.26%     79.56% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult            765      0.02%     79.58% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv           32129      0.73%     80.31% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd         37176      0.85%     81.16% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     81.16% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     81.16% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     81.16% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     81.16% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     81.16% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     81.16% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     81.16% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     81.16% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     81.16% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     81.16% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     81.16% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     81.16% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     81.16% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     81.16% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     81.16% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     81.16% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     81.16% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     81.16% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     81.16% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     81.16% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     81.16% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     81.16% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     81.16% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     81.16% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     81.16% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     81.16% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     81.16% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead         711071     16.22%     97.38% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite        108398      2.47%     99.86% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead         6348      0.14%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::total          4383572                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events               122306                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                    40836548                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                   24109316                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                            540                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                          62951                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.committedInsts                    2199275                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                      4383572                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                             13.883979                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                       13.883979                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              0.072025                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        0.072025                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads                 9261570                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes                7070744                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads                    93894                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_writes                   46958                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_reads                  4932039                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_writes                 2347670                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads                4074239                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements           303271                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs             765501                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           303271                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs             2.524148                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data         1024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          129                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          852                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           43                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          5477963                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses         5477963                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data       641786                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         641786                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data       106988                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        106988                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data       748774                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total          748774                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data       748774                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total         748774                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data       543489                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       543489                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data         1410                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         1410                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data       544899                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total        544899                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data       544899                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total       544899                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  34344178500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  34344178500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    114875500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    114875500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  34459054000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  34459054000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  34459054000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  34459054000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data      1185275                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1185275                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data       108398                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       108398                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data      1293673                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1293673                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data      1293673                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1293673                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.458534                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.458534                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.013008                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.013008                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.421203                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.421203                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.421203                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.421203                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 63192.039765                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 63192.039765                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 81471.985816                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 81471.985816                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 63239.341603                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 63239.341603                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 63239.341603                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 63239.341603                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        38602                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs             1298                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    29.739599                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         3314                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total             3314                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       241615                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       241615                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data           14                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       241629                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       241629                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       241629                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       241629                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       301874                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       301874                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         1396                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         1396                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       303270                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       303270                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       303270                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       303270                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18564881000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  18564881000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    112137000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    112137000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18677018000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  18677018000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18677018000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  18677018000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.254687                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.254687                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.012878                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.012878                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.234426                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.234426                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.234426                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.234426                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 61498.774323                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61498.774323                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 80327.363897                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 80327.363897                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 61585.445313                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61585.445313                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 61585.445313                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61585.445313                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements                5                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse                1021                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs               3187                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs                5                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs           637.400000                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst         1021                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.997070                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.997070                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1021                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         1018                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.997070                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses          7364809                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses         7364809                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst      1841194                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        1841194                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst      1841194                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total         1841194                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst      1841194                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total        1841194                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst            7                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total            7                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu0.inst            7                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total             7                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu0.inst            7                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total            7                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       711000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total       711000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       711000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total       711000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       711000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total       711000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst      1841201                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1841201                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst      1841201                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total      1841201                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst      1841201                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total      1841201                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 101571.428571                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 101571.428571                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 101571.428571                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 101571.428571                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 101571.428571                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 101571.428571                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::writebacks            5                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total                5                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst            2                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            5                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total            5                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       530500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       530500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       530500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total       530500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       530500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total       530500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       106100                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       106100                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       106100                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       106100                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       106100                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       106100                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu1.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                    176602                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                        16384                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                      426125                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                    176602                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      2.412912                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks       11.801877                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst         0.295696                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     16371.902427                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.000720                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst        0.000018                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.999262                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total                   1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          118                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1         1014                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         9254                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         5988                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           10                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                   5028218                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                  5028218                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         3314                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total             3314                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks            5                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total                5                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data               350                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                   350                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data        126382                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total            126382                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data               126732                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                   126732                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data              126732                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                  126732                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data            1046                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                1046                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu0.inst            5                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total                5                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data       175492                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total          175492                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.inst                  5                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data             176538                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 176543                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.inst                 5                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data            176538                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                176543                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    106252500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     106252500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       523000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total       523000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16739869500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total  16739869500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       523000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16846122000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      16846645000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       523000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16846122000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     16846645000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         3314                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         3314                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks            5                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total            5                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data          1396                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total              1396                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu0.inst            5                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total              5                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data       301874                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        301874                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst                5                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data           303270                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               303275                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst               5                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data          303270                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              303275                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.749284                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.749284                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.581342                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.581342                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.582115                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.582122                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.582115                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.582122                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 101579.827916                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 101579.827916                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       104600                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total       104600                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 95388.219976                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 95388.219976                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       104600                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 95424.905686                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 95425.165540                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       104600                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 95424.905686                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 95425.165540                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                 1420                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                      1420                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks           36                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total            36                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         1046                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           1046                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            5                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total            5                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       175492                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total       175492                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst             5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        176538                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            176543                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            5                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       176538                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           176543                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     95792500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     95792500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       473000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       473000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  14984929500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  14984929500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       473000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  15080722000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  15081195000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       473000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  15080722000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  15081195000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.749284                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.749284                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.581342                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.581342                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.582115                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.582122                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.582115                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.582122                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 91579.827916                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 91579.827916                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        94600                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        94600                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 85388.106011                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 85388.106011                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        94600                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 85424.792396                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 85425.052254                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        94600                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 85424.792396                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 85425.052254                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        353086                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       176547                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             175499                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         1420                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict           175122                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq              1046                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp             1046                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        175498                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       529631                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total       529631                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 529631                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     11389760                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total     11389760                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                11389760                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            176544                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                  176544    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              176544                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer4.occupancy           417199500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer4.utilization               2.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy          958453750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              6.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       606551                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       303277                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests          205                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops             95                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops           86                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            9                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp            301880                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         4734                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean            5                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict          475139                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             1396                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp            1396                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq             5                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       301874                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side           15                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       909812                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                909827                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side          640                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     19621440                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total               19622080                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                          176602                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                     90880                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples           479877                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.000646                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.026136                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                 479576     99.94%     99.94% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                    292      0.06%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      9      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total             479877                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy          306594500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              2.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy              7500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy         454906500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             3.0                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
