
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.015267                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 15267344125                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                                30534688250                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 257636                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   471799                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               50840875                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1218700                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   300.30                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                    77367342                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     141679725                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.inst           1856                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data         257024                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total             258880                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst         1856                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total          1856                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks       260864                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total          260864                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.inst              29                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data            4016                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total                4045                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks          4076                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total               4076                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.inst            121567                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data          16834886                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total              16956453                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst       121567                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total           121567                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks        17086403                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total             17086403                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks        17086403                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.inst           121567                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data         16834886                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total             34042856                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                        4045                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                       4076                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                      4045                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                     4076                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM                 258880                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                       0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                  260928                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                  258880                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys               260864                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                      0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0               256                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1               235                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2               132                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3               130                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4               129                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5               244                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6               257                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7               242                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8               174                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9               271                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10              387                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11              386                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12              361                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13              214                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14              302                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15              325                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0               257                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1               231                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2               136                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3               131                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4               130                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5               250                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6               261                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7               244                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8               190                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9               280                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10              387                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11              386                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12              344                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13              210                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14              314                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15              326                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   15269946000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                  4045                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                 4076                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                    4027                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                      11                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                       4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                       3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                    205                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                    206                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                    228                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                    228                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                    229                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                    229                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                    229                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                    229                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                    229                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                    229                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                    229                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                    229                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                    229                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                    228                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                    230                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                    232                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                    229                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                    229                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples         4914                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    105.781034                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean    79.493484                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   139.104633                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127         4155     84.55%     84.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255          366      7.45%     92.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383          136      2.77%     94.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511           78      1.59%     96.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639           54      1.10%     97.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767           45      0.92%     98.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895           35      0.71%     99.08% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           21      0.43%     99.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           24      0.49%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total         4914                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples          229                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean      17.668122                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     17.629551                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev      1.010422                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::8                 1      0.44%      0.44% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::11                1      0.44%      0.87% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::15                1      0.44%      1.31% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::16               20      8.73%     10.04% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::17               18      7.86%     17.90% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::18              186     81.22%     99.13% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::19                2      0.87%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total           229                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples          229                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      17.803493                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     17.792279                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.614721                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16               23     10.04%     10.04% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::17                1      0.44%     10.48% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18              203     88.65%     99.13% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::19                2      0.87%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total           229                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                    339797500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat               415641250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                   20225000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     84004.33                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat               102754.33                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                        16.96                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                        17.09                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                     16.96                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                     17.09                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         0.27                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     0.13                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.13                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      24.61                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                       81                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                    3127                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                  2.00                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                76.72                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                    1880303.66                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    39.50                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                 14037240                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                  7460970                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy                11602500                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy                8560800                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         1141386480.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy            444748200                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             50782560                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy      2609268480                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy      2252132160                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy        751657920                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy             7292832330                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            477.675244                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime          14156361375                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE     88045000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     484428000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF   2570088625                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN   5864829750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT     538010250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   5721942500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                 21048720                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                 11187660                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy                17278800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy               12721140                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         1304266080.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy            578127060                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             48870240                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy      3468621000                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy      2192222400                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy        271119960                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy             7926531720                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            519.182096                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime          13869431125                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE     75480000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     553304000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF    554339750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN   5708862000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT     768711250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   7606647125                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups               13121560                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted         13121560                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect          1044543                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups            10989802                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                1014688                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect            207133                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectLookups       10989802                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectHits           3693930                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectMisses         7295872                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu0.branchPredindirectMispredicted       758656                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                   10128076                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                    7617911                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                       129048                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                        39613                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                    9007934                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                        13947                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                   24                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                        30534688                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles           9712752                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                      59388523                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                   13121560                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches           4708618                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                     19702265                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                2104366                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.MiscStallCycles                7515                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles        58342                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                  8993988                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes               258760                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples          30533057                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             3.724613                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            3.572840                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                12370044     40.51%     40.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                  856222      2.80%     43.32% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                 1262364      4.13%     47.45% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                 1405846      4.60%     52.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                 1149586      3.77%     55.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                 1134393      3.72%     59.54% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                 1029019      3.37%     62.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                  923742      3.03%     65.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                10401841     34.07%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total            30533057                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.429726                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       1.944953                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                 8617999                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles              4274214                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                 15637700                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles               950961                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles               1052183                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts             108444346                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles               1052183                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                 9371422                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles                3164984                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles         21496                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                 15772200                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles              1150772                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts             103517798                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents                  452                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents                 72342                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LQFullEvents                    54                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu0.rename.SQFullEvents               1018750                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands          110078145                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups            260826114                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups       155824139                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.fp_rename_lookups          3171703                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps             69529186                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                40548920                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts              1045                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts          1362                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                   996934                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads            11991243                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores            8984469                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads           531683                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores          218117                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                  93545940                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded              59902                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                 83650206                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued           432575                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       28408821                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     41670395                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         59878                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     30533057                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        2.739660                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       2.511629                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0            9576752     31.37%     31.37% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1            2906203      9.52%     40.88% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2            3121931     10.22%     51.11% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3            3169829     10.38%     61.49% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4            3195731     10.47%     71.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5            2824104      9.25%     81.21% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6            3087895     10.11%     91.32% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7            1645056      5.39%     96.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8            1005556      3.29%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       30533057                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                 797130     72.33%     72.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     72.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     72.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                14650      1.33%     73.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     73.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     73.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     73.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     73.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     73.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     73.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     73.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     73.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     73.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     73.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     73.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     73.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     73.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     73.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     73.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     73.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     73.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     73.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     73.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     73.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     73.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     73.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     73.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     73.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     73.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     73.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     73.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                108817      9.87%     83.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                88953      8.07%     91.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead              539      0.05%     91.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite           92054      8.35%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass           514850      0.62%      0.62% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu             63204483     75.56%     76.17% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult               53295      0.06%     76.24% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                89185      0.11%     76.34% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            1180805      1.41%     77.76% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     77.76% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     77.76% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     77.76% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     77.76% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     77.76% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     77.76% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     77.76% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     77.76% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     77.76% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     77.76% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     77.76% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     77.76% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     77.76% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     77.76% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     77.76% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     77.76% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     77.76% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     77.76% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     77.76% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     77.76% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     77.76% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     77.76% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     77.76% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     77.76% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     77.76% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     77.76% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     77.76% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead            10269448     12.28%     90.03% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite            7657481      9.15%     99.19% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead         388643      0.46%     99.65% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite        292016      0.35%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total              83650206                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          2.739514                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                    1102143                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.013176                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads         195379704                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes        118939987                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     78254097                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            3988478                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes           3075675                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1810129                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses              82223827                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses                2013672                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         1325237                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      4102978                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses         9668                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         2344                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores      2507831                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           55                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles               1052183                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles                3222527                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles                 3903                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts           93605842                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts            14315                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts             11991243                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts             8984469                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts             21275                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                   191                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                 3570                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          2344                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        293552                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1081405                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts             1374957                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts             81164347                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts             10121409                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts          2485854                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                    17732759                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                 8747066                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                   7611350                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    2.658103                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                      80645281                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                     80064226                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                 55902633                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                 87736755                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      2.622074                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.637163                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts       28409169                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.commitNonSpecStalls             24                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts          1051533                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     26262435                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     2.482519                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     2.743819                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      9207312     35.06%     35.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      3831087     14.59%     49.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      2701417     10.29%     59.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      3642574     13.87%     73.80% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      1116511      4.25%     78.05% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1148326      4.37%     82.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       807443      3.07%     85.50% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       479108      1.82%     87.33% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      3328657     12.67%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     26262435                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts            34446366                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps              65196987                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                      14364899                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                      7888259                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                   7517209                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                   1351331                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                 64181904                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls              479950                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass       269125      0.41%      0.41% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu        49422198     75.80%     76.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult          41333      0.06%     76.28% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv           78652      0.12%     76.40% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd       1020780      1.57%     77.97% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     77.97% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     77.97% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     77.97% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     77.97% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     77.97% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     77.97% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     77.97% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     77.97% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     77.97% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     77.97% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     77.97% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     77.97% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     77.97% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     77.97% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     77.97% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     77.97% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     77.97% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     77.97% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     77.97% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     77.97% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     77.97% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     77.97% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     77.97% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     77.97% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     77.97% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     77.97% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     77.97% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead        7602673     11.66%     89.63% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite       6476640      9.93%     99.56% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead       285586      0.44%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::total         65196987                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events              3328657                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                   116539934                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                  191565734                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                             42                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                           1631                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.committedInsts                   34446366                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                     65196987                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                              0.886441                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                        0.886441                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              1.128106                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        1.128106                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads               117568911                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes               62678408                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads                  2550771                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_writes                 1253004                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_reads                 40672456                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_writes                21364933                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads               35674918                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements             5737                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs             427490                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs             5737                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs            74.514555                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data         1024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           28                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          242                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          523                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          228                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         60620681                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses        60620681                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data      8668419                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        8668419                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data      6476444                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       6476444                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data     15144863                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total        15144863                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data     15144863                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total       15144863                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data         5398                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         5398                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data         3475                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         3475                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data         8873                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total          8873                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data         8873                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total         8873                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    146304000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    146304000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    574759000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    574759000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data    721063000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    721063000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data    721063000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    721063000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data      8673817                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8673817                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data      6479919                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      6479919                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data     15153736                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total     15153736                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data     15153736                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total     15153736                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000622                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000622                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000536                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000536                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000586                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000586                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000586                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000586                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 27103.371619                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 27103.371619                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 165398.273381                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 165398.273381                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 81264.848417                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 81264.848417                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 81264.848417                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 81264.848417                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           24                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           24                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         4234                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total             4234                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data         3115                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         3115                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data           20                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           20                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data         3135                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         3135                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data         3135                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         3135                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         2283                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         2283                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         3455                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         3455                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         5738                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         5738                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         5738                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         5738                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     76587500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     76587500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    569500000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    569500000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    646087500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    646087500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    646087500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    646087500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000263                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000263                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000533                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000533                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000379                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000379                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000379                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000379                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 33546.868156                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 33546.868156                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 164833.574530                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 164833.574530                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 112598.030673                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 112598.030673                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 112598.030673                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 112598.030673                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements             2059                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse         1022.000005                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs             337161                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs             2059                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs           163.749879                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst  1022.000005                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.998047                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.998047                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1022                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           17                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          990                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.998047                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses         35978012                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses        35978012                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst      8991877                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        8991877                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst      8991877                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total         8991877                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst      8991877                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total        8991877                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst         2111                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         2111                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu0.inst         2111                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total          2111                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu0.inst         2111                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total         2111                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     30653500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     30653500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     30653500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     30653500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     30653500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     30653500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst      8993988                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8993988                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst      8993988                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total      8993988                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst      8993988                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total      8993988                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000235                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000235                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000235                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000235                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000235                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000235                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 14520.843202                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 14520.843202                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 14520.843202                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 14520.843202                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 14520.843202                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 14520.843202                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::writebacks         2059                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total             2059                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst           51                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           51                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst           51                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           51                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst           51                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           51                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst         2060                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         2060                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst         2060                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         2060                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst         2060                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         2060                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     28135000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     28135000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     28135000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     28135000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     28135000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     28135000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000229                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000229                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000229                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000229                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000229                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000229                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 13657.766990                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13657.766990                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 13657.766990                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13657.766990                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 13657.766990                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13657.766990                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu1.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                      4076                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                        16384                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                        4076                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                      4076                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                             1                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks      185.005007                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst       183.270558                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     16015.724434                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.011292                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst        0.011186                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.977522                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total                   1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           26                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          236                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         2366                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        13754                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                    128596                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                   128596                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         4234                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total             4234                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks         2059                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total             2059                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu0.data                1                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total                    1                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data                13                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                    13                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu0.inst           2030                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total               2030                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data          1708                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total              1708                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.inst                 2030                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data                 1721                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                     3751                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.inst                2030                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data                1721                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                    3751                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data            3441                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                3441                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu0.inst           29                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total               29                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data          575                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total             575                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.inst                 29                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data               4016                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                   4045                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.inst                29                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data              4016                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                  4045                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    564167000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     564167000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst      3727000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total      3727000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     55055000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total     55055000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst      3727000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data    619222000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total        622949000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst      3727000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data    619222000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total       622949000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         4234                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         4234                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks         2059                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total         2059                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu0.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total                1                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data          3454                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total              3454                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu0.inst         2059                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total           2059                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data         2283                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total          2283                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst             2059                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data             5737                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total                 7796                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst            2059                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data            5737                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total                7796                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.996236                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.996236                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.014085                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.014085                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.251862                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.251862                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst        0.014085                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.700017                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.518856                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst       0.014085                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.700017                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.518856                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 163954.373729                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 163954.373729                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 128517.241379                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 128517.241379                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 95747.826087                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 95747.826087                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 128517.241379                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 154188.745020                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 154004.697157                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 128517.241379                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 154188.745020                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 154004.697157                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                 4076                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                      4076                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         3441                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           3441                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst           29                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          575                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total          575                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          4016                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total              4045                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         4016                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total             4045                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    529757000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    529757000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst      3437000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      3437000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     49305000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     49305000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst      3437000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    579062000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    582499000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst      3437000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    579062000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    582499000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.996236                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.996236                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.014085                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.014085                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.251862                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.251862                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.014085                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.700017                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.518856                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.014085                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.700017                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.518856                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 153954.373729                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 153954.373729                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 118517.241379                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 118517.241379                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 85747.826087                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 85747.826087                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 118517.241379                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 144188.745020                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 144004.697157                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 118517.241379                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 144188.745020                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 144004.697157                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests          8121                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests         4077                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp                604                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         4076                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq              3441                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp             3441                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq           604                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port        12166                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total        12166                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  12166                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       519744                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total       519744                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                  519744                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples              4045                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                    4045    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total                4045                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer4.occupancy            25418000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer4.utilization               0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           22246250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        15594                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests         7795                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests           30                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops              0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp              4343                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         8310                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean         2059                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict            1503                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq               1                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp              1                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             3454                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp            3454                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq          2060                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         2283                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         6178                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        17213                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                 23391                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       263552                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       638144                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total                 901696                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                            4077                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                    260928                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples            11874                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.002442                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.049361                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                  11845     99.76%     99.76% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                     29      0.24%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total              11874                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy           14090000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy           3090000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy           8606499                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
