
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.015267                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 15267344125                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               290079538375                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                2354438                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                  4441103                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               54794486                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1218384                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   278.63                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   656015173                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    1237420960                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data         243328                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total             243328                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks       202240                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total          202240                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data            3802                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total                3802                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks          3160                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total               3160                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data          15937808                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total              15937808                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks        13246574                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total             13246574                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks        13246574                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data         15937808                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total             29184382                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                        3802                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                       3160                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                      3802                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                     3160                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM                 243328                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                       0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                  201856                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                  243328                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys               202240                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                      0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0               268                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1               231                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2               128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3               128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4               128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5               133                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6               129                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7               128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8               221                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9               256                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10              353                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11              384                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12              366                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13              281                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14              369                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15              299                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0               136                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1               128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2               122                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3               123                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4                68                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5               104                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6               121                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7               127                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8               232                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9               256                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10              354                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11              344                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12              264                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13              281                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14              312                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15              182                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   15265901000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                  3802                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                 3160                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                    3799                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                       3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                    152                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                    154                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                    178                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                    178                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                    179                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                    179                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                    179                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                    179                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                    179                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                    179                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                    178                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                    178                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                    178                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                    178                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                    178                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                    178                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                    178                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                    178                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples         4353                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    102.270618                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean    76.337064                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   148.277838                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127         3852     88.49%     88.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255          226      5.19%     93.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383           69      1.59%     95.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511           47      1.08%     96.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639           28      0.64%     96.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767           40      0.92%     97.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895           27      0.62%     98.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           17      0.39%     98.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           47      1.08%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total         4353                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples          178                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean      21.308989                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     21.094489                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev      3.329381                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::16-17             6      3.37%      3.37% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::18-19            28     15.73%     19.10% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::20-21            92     51.69%     70.79% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::22-23            34     19.10%     89.89% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::24-25             1      0.56%     90.45% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::26-27             5      2.81%     93.26% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::28-29             5      2.81%     96.07% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::30-31             3      1.69%     97.75% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::34-35             1      0.56%     98.31% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::36-37             3      1.69%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total           178                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples          178                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      17.719101                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     17.705028                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.688711                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16               24     13.48%     13.48% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::17                2      1.12%     14.61% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18              152     85.39%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total           178                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                    356405250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat               427692750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                   19010000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     93741.52                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat               112491.52                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                        15.94                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                        13.22                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                     15.94                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                     13.25                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         0.23                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     0.12                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.10                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      24.66                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                       55                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                    2548                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                  1.45                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                80.63                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                    2192746.48                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    37.39                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                  9974580                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                  5305410                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy                 9089220                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy                4849380                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         1101434880.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy            339241770                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             53835840                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy      2519667330                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy      2121754560                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy        952699980                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy             7119077880                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            466.294453                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime          14380337000                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE     98290250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     467738000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF   3329484250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN   5525505875                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT     320668750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   5525657000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                 21105840                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                 11214225                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy                18057060                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy               11614500                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         1301192880.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy            517432320                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             52463520                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy      3429589680                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy      2271736800                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy        269451000                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy             7905274425                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            517.789758                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime          13989642000                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE     85496000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     552039750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF    555806250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN   5915979250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT     636997500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   7521025375                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups               13240961                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted         13240961                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect          1096339                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups            11027532                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                 978310                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect            206288                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectLookups       11027532                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectHits           3547431                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectMisses         7480101                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu0.branchPredindirectMispredicted       798807                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                    9870050                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                    7434754                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                       133409                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                        48571                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                    8914066                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                        17732                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                   23                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                        30534688                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles           9645370                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                      59712949                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                   13240961                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches           4525741                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                     19695641                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                2212510                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.MiscStallCycles                9643                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles        77491                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                  8896334                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes               267691                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples          30534400                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             3.739916                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            3.582193                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                12369233     40.51%     40.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                  856461      2.80%     43.31% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                 1231715      4.03%     47.35% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                 1412496      4.63%     51.97% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                 1114193      3.65%     55.62% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                 1105458      3.62%     59.24% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                 1018239      3.33%     62.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                  867612      2.84%     65.42% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                10558993     34.58%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total            30534400                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.433637                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       1.955578                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                 8537562                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles              4344527                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                 15595466                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles               950590                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles               1106255                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts             108536896                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles               1106255                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                 9315975                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles                3308377                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles         13678                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                 15701876                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles              1088239                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts             103367943                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents                 1723                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents                 59902                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LQFullEvents                    90                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu0.rename.SQFullEvents                974367                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands          109884053                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups            260041818                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups       155191201                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.fp_rename_lookups          3180219                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps             67683760                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                42200296                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts              1122                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts          1379                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                   893678                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads            11810069                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores            8886868                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads           480778                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores          201058                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                  92890919                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded              63773                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                 82669123                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued           491971                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       29631581                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     42969757                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         63750                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     30534400                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        2.707409                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       2.531510                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0            9995481     32.74%     32.74% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1            2786347      9.13%     41.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2            3036775      9.95%     51.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3            3069348     10.05%     61.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4            3120905     10.22%     72.08% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5            2748889      9.00%     81.08% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6            3090935     10.12%     91.20% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7            1658253      5.43%     96.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8            1027467      3.36%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       30534400                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                 821639     73.76%     73.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     73.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     73.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                14053      1.26%     75.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     75.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     75.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     75.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     75.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     75.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     75.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     75.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     75.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     75.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     75.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     75.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     75.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     75.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     75.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     75.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     75.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     75.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     75.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     75.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     75.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     75.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     75.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     75.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     75.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     75.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     75.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     75.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                 97822      8.78%     83.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                85305      7.66%     91.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead              527      0.05%     91.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite           94564      8.49%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass           510549      0.62%      0.62% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu             62643632     75.78%     76.39% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult               73954      0.09%     76.48% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                85810      0.10%     76.59% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            1151991      1.39%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     77.98% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead            10032441     12.14%     90.12% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite            7477153      9.04%     99.16% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead         391093      0.47%     99.63% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite        302500      0.37%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total              82669123                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          2.707384                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                    1113910                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.013474                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads         193521517                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes        119469952                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     77100076                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            3957008                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes           3117350                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1783312                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses              81274894                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses                1997590                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         1223545                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      4229853                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses        10953                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         2632                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores      2684147                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          122                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles               1106255                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles                3350974                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles                 3045                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts           92954692                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts            18940                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts             11810069                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts             8886868                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts             22328                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                    87                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                 2923                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          2632                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        294742                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1167395                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts             1462137                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts             80028015                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts              9863325                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts          2641106                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                    17290565                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                 8666005                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                   7427240                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    2.620889                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                      79490553                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                     78883388                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                 55070563                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                 86239518                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      2.583402                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.638577                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts       29631897                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.commitNonSpecStalls             23                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts          1105632                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     26079313                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     2.428098                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     2.735994                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      9519663     36.50%     36.50% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      3719040     14.26%     50.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      2604130      9.99%     60.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      3525593     13.52%     74.27% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      1110946      4.26%     78.53% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1116280      4.28%     82.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       802382      3.08%     85.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       470666      1.80%     87.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      3210613     12.31%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     26079313                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts            33436238                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps              63323121                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                      13782940                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                      7580218                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                   7369087                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                   1288094                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                 62355528                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls              457472                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass       256532      0.41%      0.41% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu        48181983     76.09%     76.49% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult          53673      0.08%     76.58% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv           74977      0.12%     76.70% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd        973016      1.54%     78.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     78.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     78.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     78.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     78.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     78.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     78.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     78.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     78.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     78.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     78.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead        7308002     11.54%     89.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite       6202722      9.80%     99.57% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead       272216      0.43%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::total         63323121                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events              3210613                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                   115823718                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                  190450325                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                             32                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                            288                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.committedInsts                   33436238                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                     63323121                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                              0.913221                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                        0.913221                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              1.095025                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        1.095025                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads               115564932                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes               61820877                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads                  2504371                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_writes                 1228978                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_reads                 40232158                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_writes                21087792                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads               35166395                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements             4849                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs             818736                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs             4849                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs           168.846360                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data         1024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           32                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          260                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          464                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          265                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         58881453                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses        58881453                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data      8509454                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        8509454                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data      6202546                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       6202546                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data     14712000                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total        14712000                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data     14712000                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total       14712000                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data         3851                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         3851                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data         3300                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         3300                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data         7151                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total          7151                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data         7151                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total         7151                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    289851500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    289851500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    493421500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    493421500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data    783273000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    783273000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data    783273000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    783273000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data      8513305                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8513305                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data      6205846                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      6205846                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data     14719151                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total     14719151                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data     14719151                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total     14719151                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000452                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000452                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000532                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000532                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000486                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000486                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000486                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000486                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 75266.554142                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 75266.554142                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 149521.666667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 149521.666667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 109533.351979                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 109533.351979                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 109533.351979                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 109533.351979                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         3788                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total             3788                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data         2285                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         2285                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data           16                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data         2301                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         2301                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data         2301                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         2301                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         1566                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1566                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         3284                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         3284                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         4850                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         4850                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         4850                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         4850                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    153223000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    153223000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    487676500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    487676500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    640899500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    640899500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    640899500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    640899500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000184                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000184                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000529                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000529                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000330                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000330                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000330                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000330                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 97843.550447                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 97843.550447                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 148500.761267                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 148500.761267                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 132144.226804                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 132144.226804                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 132144.226804                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 132144.226804                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements              984                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse         1022.000005                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs             332692                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs              984                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs           338.101626                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst  1022.000005                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.998047                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.998047                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1022                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           18                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         1002                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.998047                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses         35586321                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses        35586321                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst      8895286                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        8895286                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst      8895286                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total         8895286                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst      8895286                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total        8895286                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst         1048                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         1048                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu0.inst         1048                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total          1048                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu0.inst         1048                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total         1048                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     13235500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     13235500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     13235500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     13235500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     13235500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     13235500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst      8896334                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8896334                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst      8896334                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total      8896334                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst      8896334                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total      8896334                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000118                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000118                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000118                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000118                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000118                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000118                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 12629.293893                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 12629.293893                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 12629.293893                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 12629.293893                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 12629.293893                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 12629.293893                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::writebacks          984                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total              984                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst           63                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           63                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst           63                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           63                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst           63                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           63                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          985                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          985                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          985                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          985                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          985                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          985                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     11812500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     11812500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     11812500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     11812500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     11812500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     11812500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000111                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000111                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000111                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000111                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000111                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000111                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 11992.385787                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11992.385787                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 11992.385787                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11992.385787                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 11992.385787                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11992.385787                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu1.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                      3805                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                        16384                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                        5014                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                      3805                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      1.317740                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks       48.207410                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst               29                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     16306.792590                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.002942                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst        0.001770                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.995288                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total                   1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           23                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          228                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         2235                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        13895                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                     97077                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                    97077                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         3788                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total             3788                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks          984                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total              984                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data                 6                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                     6                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu0.inst            984                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total                984                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data          1041                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total              1041                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.inst                  984                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data                 1047                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                     2031                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.inst                 984                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data                1047                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                    2031                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu0.data              1                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::total                  1                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data            3277                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                3277                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data          525                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total             525                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data               3802                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                   3802                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data              3802                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                  3802                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    482655000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     482655000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    139888000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total    139888000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data    622543000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total        622543000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data    622543000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total       622543000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         3788                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         3788                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks          984                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total          984                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu0.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total                1                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data          3283                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total              3283                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu0.inst          984                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total            984                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data         1566                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total          1566                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst              984                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data             4849                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total                 5833                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst             984                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data            4849                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total                5833                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total               1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.998172                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.998172                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.335249                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.335249                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.784079                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.651809                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.784079                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.651809                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 147285.627098                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 147285.627098                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 266453.333333                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 266453.333333                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 163740.925829                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 163740.925829                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 163740.925829                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 163740.925829                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                 3160                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                      3160                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks            7                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total             7                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total             1                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         3277                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           3277                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          525                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total          525                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          3802                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total              3802                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         3802                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total             3802                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data        19500                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        19500                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    449885000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    449885000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    134638000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    134638000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    584523000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    584523000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    584523000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    584523000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.998172                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.998172                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.335249                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.335249                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.784079                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.651809                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.784079                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.651809                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data        19500                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        19500                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 137285.627098                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 137285.627098                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 256453.333333                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 256453.333333                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 153740.925829                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 153740.925829                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 153740.925829                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 153740.925829                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests          7607                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests         3805                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp                525                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         3160                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict              644                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq                1                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq              3277                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp             3277                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq           525                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port        11409                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total        11409                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  11409                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       445568                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total       445568                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                  445568                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples              3803                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                    3803    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total                3803                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer4.occupancy            21182000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer4.utilization               0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           20921750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        11668                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests         5833                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests           10                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops              8                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            8                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp              2551                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         6948                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean          984                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict            1706                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq               1                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp              1                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             3283                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp            3283                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq           985                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         1566                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         2953                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        14549                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                 17502                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       125952                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       552768                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total                 678720                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                            3806                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                    202304                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples             9640                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.001867                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.043173                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                   9622     99.81%     99.81% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                     18      0.19%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total               9640                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy           10606000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy           1477999                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy           7274000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
