
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.015267                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 15267344125                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               137406097125                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                1156838                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                  2172517                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               56084371                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1218252                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   272.22                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   314915538                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     591404662                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.inst             64                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data         255360                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total             255424                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst           64                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total            64                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks       233728                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total          233728                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.inst               1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data            3990                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total                3991                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks          3652                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total               3652                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.inst              4192                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data          16725895                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total              16730087                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst         4192                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total             4192                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks        15309015                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total             15309015                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks        15309015                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.inst             4192                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data         16725895                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total             32039102                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                        3991                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                       3652                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                      3991                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                     3652                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM                 255424                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                       0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                  233920                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                  255424                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys               233728                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                      0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0               384                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1               436                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2               279                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3               256                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4               256                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5               256                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6               263                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7               252                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8               128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9               186                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10              181                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11              241                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12              131                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13              256                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14              158                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15              328                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0               346                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1               429                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2               274                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3               256                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4               255                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5               251                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6               258                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7               217                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8               131                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9               186                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10              184                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11              226                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12              134                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13              128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14              123                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15              257                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   15267537500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                  3991                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                 3652                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                    3990                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                       1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                    179                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                    180                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                    206                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                    206                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                    206                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                    206                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                    206                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                    206                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                    206                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                    206                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                    205                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                    205                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                    205                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                    206                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                    206                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                    206                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                    206                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                    206                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples         4754                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    102.933109                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean    77.697727                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   138.106260                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127         4132     86.92%     86.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255          268      5.64%     92.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383          109      2.29%     94.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511           74      1.56%     96.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639           52      1.09%     97.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767           46      0.97%     98.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895           28      0.59%     99.05% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           20      0.42%     99.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           25      0.53%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total         4754                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples          206                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean      19.456311                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     19.338250                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev      2.344799                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::16-17            12      5.83%      5.83% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::18-19           110     53.40%     59.22% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::20-21            58     28.16%     87.38% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::22-23            18      8.74%     96.12% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::24-25             4      1.94%     98.06% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::26-27             2      0.97%     99.03% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::32-33             1      0.49%     99.51% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::36-37             1      0.49%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total           206                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples          206                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      17.742718                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     17.729474                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.667592                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16               26     12.62%     12.62% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::17                1      0.49%     13.11% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18              179     86.89%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total           206                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                    333460250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat               408291500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                   19955000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     83553.06                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat               102303.06                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                        16.73                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                        15.32                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                     16.73                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                     15.31                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         0.25                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     0.13                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.12                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      24.57                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                       51                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                    2841                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                  1.28                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                77.79                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                    1997584.39                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    37.84                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                 20363280                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                 10823340                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy                17007480                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy               11932920                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         1194860160.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy            483443220                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             48765120                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy      3015421410                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy      2160571680                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy        571595700                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy             7536133080                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            493.611267                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime          14073280500                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE     78522500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     507018000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF   1837896750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN   5626449625                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT     604500500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   6612956750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                 13580280                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                  7218090                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy                11488260                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy                7146180                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         1078078560.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy            452752710                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             48460800                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy      2387547600                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy      2002539840                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy       1046392920                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy             7055796000                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            462.149536                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime          14144804250                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE     84289750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     458033250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF   3695967500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN   5215047875                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT     578050000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   5235955750                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups               13197345                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted         13197345                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect          1052583                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups            11049407                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                 997793                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect            205889                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectLookups       11049407                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectHits           3713741                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectMisses         7335666                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu0.branchPredindirectMispredicted       754525                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                   10047628                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                    7549511                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                       120689                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                        38981                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                    8999334                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                        15126                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                   24                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                        30534688                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles           9700152                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                      59505614                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                   13197345                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches           4711534                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                     19698798                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                2123328                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.MiscStallCycles                8289                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles        65519                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                  8984208                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes               258451                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples          30534422                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             3.728188                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            3.573094                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                12347993     40.44%     40.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                  866687      2.84%     43.28% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                 1263857      4.14%     47.42% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                 1421822      4.66%     52.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                 1123124      3.68%     55.75% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                 1129881      3.70%     59.45% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                 1051012      3.44%     62.89% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                  910141      2.98%     65.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                10419905     34.13%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total            30534422                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.432208                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       1.948787                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                 8628648                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles              4239033                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                 15655319                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles               949758                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles               1061664                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts             108478200                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles               1061664                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                 9380943                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles                3171696                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles         18755                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                 15788500                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles              1112864                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts             103553618                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents                  113                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents                 78551                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LQFullEvents                    57                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu0.rename.SQFullEvents                975468                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands          110203671                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups            260880498                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups       155664122                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.fp_rename_lookups          3208348                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps             69537658                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                40665996                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts              1174                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts          1553                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                  1003078                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads            11906606                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores            8897979                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads           498967                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores          199794                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                  93554649                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded              54309                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                 83701447                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued           433272                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       28516299                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     41453874                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         54285                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     30534422                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        2.741216                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       2.515693                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0            9607974     31.47%     31.47% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1            2874477      9.41%     40.88% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2            3129879     10.25%     51.13% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3            3159015     10.35%     61.48% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4            3183321     10.43%     71.90% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5            2802846      9.18%     81.08% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6            3112536     10.19%     91.27% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7            1647555      5.40%     96.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8            1016819      3.33%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       30534422                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                 804908     73.30%     73.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     73.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     73.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                13688      1.25%     74.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     74.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     74.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     74.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     74.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     74.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     74.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     74.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     74.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     74.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     74.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     74.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     74.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     74.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     74.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     74.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     74.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     74.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     74.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     74.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     74.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     74.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     74.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     74.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     74.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     74.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     74.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     74.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                102568      9.34%     83.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                87997      8.01%     91.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead              458      0.04%     91.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite           88439      8.05%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass           509521      0.61%      0.61% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu             63405337     75.75%     76.36% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult               72815      0.09%     76.45% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                87227      0.10%     76.55% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            1178787      1.41%     77.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     77.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     77.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     77.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     77.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     77.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     77.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     77.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     77.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     77.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     77.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     77.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     77.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     77.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     77.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     77.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     77.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     77.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     77.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     77.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     77.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     77.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     77.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     77.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     77.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     77.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     77.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     77.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead            10175617     12.16%     90.12% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite            7593770      9.07%     99.19% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead         397045      0.47%     99.66% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite        281328      0.34%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total              83701447                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          2.741192                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                    1098058                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.013119                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads         195497547                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes        119020487                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     78313496                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            3971097                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes           3105882                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1802925                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses              82286021                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses                2003963                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         1289757                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      4100551                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses        10704                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         2245                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores      2504400                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           75                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles               1061664                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles                3228596                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles                 4255                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts           93608958                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts            15925                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts             11906606                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts             8897979                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts             19333                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                   122                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                 4047                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          2245                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        301312                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1091755                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts             1393067                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts             81214933                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts             10040786                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts          2486512                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                    17583011                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                 8811651                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                   7542225                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    2.659760                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                      80688622                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                     80116421                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                 55983019                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                 87777840                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      2.623784                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.637781                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts       28516616                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.commitNonSpecStalls             24                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts          1060953                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     26247072                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     2.479996                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     2.740508                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      9215032     35.11%     35.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      3838077     14.62%     49.73% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      2662930     10.15%     59.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      3623164     13.80%     73.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      1144310      4.36%     78.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1174193      4.47%     82.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       816195      3.11%     85.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       471530      1.80%     87.42% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      3301641     12.58%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     26247072                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts            34369550                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps              65092642                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                      14199627                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                      7806052                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                   7561552                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                   1328844                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                 64094443                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls              471948                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass       264648      0.41%      0.41% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu        49493695     76.04%     76.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult          53533      0.08%     76.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv           77343      0.12%     76.64% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd       1003796      1.54%     78.19% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     78.19% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     78.19% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.19% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.19% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     78.19% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.19% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.19% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     78.19% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.19% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     78.19% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     78.19% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     78.19% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     78.19% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     78.19% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.19% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.19% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.19% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     78.19% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.19% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.19% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.19% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.19% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.19% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.19% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.19% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.19% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.19% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead        7525222     11.56%     89.75% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite       6393575      9.82%     99.57% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead       280830      0.43%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::total         65092642                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events              3301641                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                   116554689                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                  191589722                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                             27                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                            266                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.committedInsts                   34369550                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                     65092642                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                              0.888423                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                        0.888423                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              1.125590                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        1.125590                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads               117546704                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes               62749495                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads                  2540653                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_writes                 1254164                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_reads                 41007138                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_writes                21467189                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads               35671888                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements             5100                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs             484743                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs             5100                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs            95.047647                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data         1024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           23                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          262                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          506                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          231                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         60141012                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses        60141012                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data      8633067                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        8633067                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data      6393418                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       6393418                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data     15026485                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total        15026485                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data     15026485                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total       15026485                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data         4087                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         4087                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data         3406                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         3406                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data         7493                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total          7493                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data         7493                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total         7493                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    303003500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    303003500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    455826500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    455826500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data    758830000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    758830000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data    758830000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    758830000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data      8637154                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8637154                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data      6396824                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      6396824                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data     15033978                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total     15033978                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data     15033978                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total     15033978                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000473                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000473                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000532                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000532                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000498                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000498                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000498                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000498                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 74138.365549                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 74138.365549                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 133830.446271                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 133830.446271                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 101271.853730                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 101271.853730                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 101271.853730                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 101271.853730                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            4                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            4                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         3915                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total             3915                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data         2359                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         2359                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data           33                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           33                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data         2392                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         2392                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data         2392                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         2392                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         1728                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1728                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         3373                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         3373                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         5101                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         5101                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         5101                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         5101                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    183406500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    183406500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    448762000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    448762000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    632168500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    632168500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    632168500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    632168500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000200                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000200                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000527                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000527                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000339                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000339                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000339                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000339                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 106138.020833                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106138.020833                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 133045.360213                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 133045.360213                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 123930.307783                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 123930.307783                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 123930.307783                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 123930.307783                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements              853                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse                1022                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs             302311                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs              853                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs           354.409144                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst         1022                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.998047                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.998047                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1022                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           15                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          999                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.998047                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses         35937685                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses        35937685                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst      8983336                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        8983336                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst      8983336                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total         8983336                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst      8983336                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total        8983336                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst          872                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          872                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu0.inst          872                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total           872                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu0.inst          872                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total          872                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     11287000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     11287000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     11287000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     11287000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     11287000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     11287000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst      8984208                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8984208                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst      8984208                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total      8984208                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst      8984208                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total      8984208                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000097                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000097                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000097                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000097                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000097                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000097                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 12943.807339                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 12943.807339                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 12943.807339                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 12943.807339                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 12943.807339                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 12943.807339                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::writebacks          853                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total              853                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst           19                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           19                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst           19                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           19                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst           19                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           19                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          853                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          853                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          853                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          853                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          853                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          853                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     10317500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     10317500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     10317500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     10317500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     10317500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     10317500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000095                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000095                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000095                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000095                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000095                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000095                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 12095.545135                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12095.545135                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 12095.545135                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12095.545135                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 12095.545135                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12095.545135                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu1.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                      3995                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                        16384                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                        5269                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                      3995                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      1.318899                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks       36.039214                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst        28.717506                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     16319.243280                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.002200                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst        0.001753                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.996048                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total                   1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           23                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          237                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         2369                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        13753                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                     99099                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                    99099                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks         3915                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total             3915                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks          853                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total              853                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data                 6                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                     6                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu0.inst            852                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total                852                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data          1104                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total              1104                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.inst                  852                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data                 1110                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                     1962                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.inst                 852                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data                1110                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                    1962                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data            3367                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                3367                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu0.inst            1                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total                1                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data          624                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total             624                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.inst                  1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data               3991                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                   3992                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.inst                 1                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data              3991                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                  3992                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    443638000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     443638000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        90000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total        90000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    169135000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total    169135000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        90000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data    612773000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total        612863000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        90000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data    612773000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total       612863000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks         3915                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         3915                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks          853                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total          853                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data          3373                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total              3373                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu0.inst          853                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total            853                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data         1728                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total          1728                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst              853                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data             5101                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total                 5954                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst             853                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data            5101                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total                5954                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.998221                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.998221                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.001172                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.001172                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.361111                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.361111                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst        0.001172                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.782396                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.670474                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst       0.001172                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.782396                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.670474                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 131760.617761                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 131760.617761                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        90000                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total        90000                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 271049.679487                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 271049.679487                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        90000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 153538.712102                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 153522.795591                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        90000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 153538.712102                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 153522.795591                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                 3652                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                      3652                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks            8                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total             8                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         3367                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           3367                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            1                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          624                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total          624                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst             1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          3991                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total              3992                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            1                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         3991                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total             3992                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    409978000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    409978000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        80000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        80000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    162895000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    162895000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        80000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    572873000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    572953000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        80000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    572873000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    572953000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.998221                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.998221                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.001172                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001172                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.361111                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.361111                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.001172                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.782396                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.670474                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.001172                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.782396                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.670474                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 121763.587764                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 121763.587764                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        80000                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        80000                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 261049.679487                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 261049.679487                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        80000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 143541.217740                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 143525.300601                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        80000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 143541.217740                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 143525.300601                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests          7980                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests         3989                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp                625                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         3652                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict              337                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq              3366                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp             3366                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq           625                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port        11971                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total        11971                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  11971                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       489152                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total       489152                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                  489152                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples              3991                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                    3991    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total                3991                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer4.occupancy            23566000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer4.utilization               0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           22003500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        11907                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests         5953                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests           19                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops             14                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops           14                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp              2581                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         7567                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean          853                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict            1528                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             3373                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp            3372                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq           853                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         1728                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         2559                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        15301                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                 17860                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       109184                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       576960                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total                 686144                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                            3995                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                    233728                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples             9949                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.003317                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.057500                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                   9916     99.67%     99.67% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                     33      0.33%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total               9949                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy           10721500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy           1279999                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy           7650000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
