
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.015267                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 15267344125                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               687030485625                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                               17287290                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                 32727523                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              183171663                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1220220                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                    83.35                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  1440893825                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    2727836128                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.inst           4416                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data       12929088                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total           12933504                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst         4416                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total          4416                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks     11430848                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total        11430848                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.inst              69                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data          202017                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total              202086                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks        178607                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total             178607                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.inst            289245                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data         846845915                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             847135159                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst       289245                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total           289245                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks       748712278                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total            748712278                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks       748712278                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.inst           289245                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data        846845915                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total           1595847438                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                      202086                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                     178607                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                    202086                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                   178607                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM               12933504                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                       0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                11430272                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                12933504                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys             11430848                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                      0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0             12508                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1             12519                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2             12580                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3             12704                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4             12462                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5             12292                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6             12767                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7             12958                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8             12795                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9             12911                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10            12581                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11            12565                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12            12803                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13            12597                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14            12805                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15            12239                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0             11084                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1             11081                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2             11140                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3             11155                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4             10937                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5             10789                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6             11235                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7             11449                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8             11332                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9             11420                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10            11138                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11            11130                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12            11388                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13            11285                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14            11189                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15            10846                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   15267406500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                202086                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6               178607                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                  143510                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                   51587                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                    5820                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                    1166                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                    130                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                    159                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                   7868                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                  10754                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                  11080                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                  11171                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                  11222                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                  11199                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                  11229                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                  11302                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                  11254                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                  11339                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                  11466                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                  11306                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                  11508                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                  11862                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                  11453                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                  12166                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                    112                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                     13                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples        55306                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    440.509456                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   290.298115                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   351.482991                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127        10672     19.30%     19.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255        11292     20.42%     39.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383         7268     13.14%     52.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511         4947      8.94%     61.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639         3849      6.96%     68.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767         3055      5.52%     74.28% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895         2652      4.80%     79.08% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         3055      5.52%     84.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         8516     15.40%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total        55306                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples        11140                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean      18.139856                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     17.967157                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev      2.645668                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::10-11             3      0.03%      0.03% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::12-13            16      0.14%      0.17% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::14-15           937      8.41%      8.58% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::16-17          4605     41.34%     49.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::18-19          2916     26.18%     76.10% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::20-21          1472     13.21%     89.31% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::22-23           699      6.27%     95.58% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::24-25           298      2.68%     98.26% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::26-27           125      1.12%     99.38% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::28-29            39      0.35%     99.73% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::30-31            15      0.13%     99.87% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::32-33             7      0.06%     99.93% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::34-35             2      0.02%     99.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::36-37             3      0.03%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::42-43             1      0.01%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::48-49             2      0.02%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total         11140                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples        11140                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      16.032136                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.030199                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.260603                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16            10957     98.36%     98.36% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::17               32      0.29%     98.64% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18              132      1.18%     99.83% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::19               15      0.13%     99.96% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::20                3      0.03%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::21                1      0.01%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total         11140                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                   4976149500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat              8765262000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                 1010430000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     24623.92                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                43373.92                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       847.14                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                       748.67                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    847.14                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                    748.71                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                        12.47                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     6.62                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    5.85                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.40                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      26.51                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                   178939                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                  146433                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 88.55                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                81.99                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                      40104.25                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    85.47                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                197849400                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                105159450                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy               719640600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy              463901400                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         909052560.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy           2050380630                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             68548800                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy      2048176440                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy       510069120                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy       1223256840                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy             8296187160                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            543.394260                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime          10592330500                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE     76976500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     385428000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF   4772122250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN   1328324250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    4212609125                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   4491884000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                197078280                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                104726820                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy               723253440                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy              468380160                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         926262480.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy           2089845720                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             67259040                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy      2042371560                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy       541213920                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy       1191851700                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy             8352446130                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            547.079182                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime          10508610500                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE     74692250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     392768000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF   4620450000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN   1409381750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    4291242250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   4478809875                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups                2559696                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted          2559696                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect            55346                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups             1818983                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                 175002                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect             22069                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectLookups        1818983                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectHits            942141                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectMisses          876842                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu0.branchPredindirectMispredicted         6849                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                    2752415                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                    1769896                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                         5317                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                          217                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                    1382249                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                          886                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                    4                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                        30534688                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles           1426825                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                      11419215                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                    2559696                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches           1117143                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                     29032501                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                 111458                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.TlbCycles                       236                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.cpu0.fetch.MiscStallCycles                   6                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles         6278                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingQuiesceStallCycles          939                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending quiesce instructions
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles          137                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                  1381370                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes                 8126                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.ItlbSquashes                      2                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples          30522651                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             0.730850                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            2.134829                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                26805825     87.82%     87.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                  255887      0.84%     88.66% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                  189504      0.62%     89.28% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                  213940      0.70%     89.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                  544152      1.78%     91.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                  192537      0.63%     92.40% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                  272057      0.89%     93.29% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                  130865      0.43%     93.72% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                 1917884      6.28%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total            30522651                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.083829                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       0.373975                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                  938593                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles             26450602                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                  2456888                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles               620839                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles                 55729                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts              21464989                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles                 55729                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                 1193649                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles               22089703                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles         53500                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                  2761954                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles              4368116                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts              21044582                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents               163804                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents               1248916                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LQFullEvents               3143689                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu0.rename.SQFullEvents                 13456                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands           23582322                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups             55061931                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups        32129226                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.fp_rename_lookups             2015                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps             19077206                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                 4505114                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts               331                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts           333                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                  3402110                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads             3213986                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores            1876581                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads           394442                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores           97611                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                  20647546                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded               1575                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                 18947770                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued             5923                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined        3649486                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      5902011                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          1562                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     30522651                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        0.620777                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       1.634791                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           25418816     83.28%     83.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1             965501      3.16%     86.44% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2             756473      2.48%     88.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3             935499      3.06%     91.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4             686320      2.25%     94.23% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5             652659      2.14%     96.37% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6             413302      1.35%     97.73% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7             378209      1.24%     98.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8             315872      1.03%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       30522651                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                 123621     37.05%     37.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     37.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     37.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    5      0.00%     37.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     37.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     37.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     37.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     37.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     37.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     37.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     37.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     37.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     37.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     37.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     37.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     37.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     37.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     37.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     37.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     37.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     37.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     37.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     37.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     37.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     37.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     37.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     37.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     37.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     37.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     37.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     37.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                 65348     19.58%     56.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite               144671     43.36%     99.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                1      0.00%     99.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite              22      0.01%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            10913      0.06%      0.06% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu             14355033     75.76%     75.82% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   9      0.00%     75.82% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                   94      0.00%     75.82% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                638      0.00%     75.82% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     75.82% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     75.82% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     75.82% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     75.82% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     75.82% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     75.82% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     75.82% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     75.82% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     75.82% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     75.82% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     75.82% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     75.82% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     75.82% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     75.82% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     75.82% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     75.82% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     75.82% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     75.82% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     75.82% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     75.82% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     75.82% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     75.82% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     75.82% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     75.82% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     75.82% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     75.82% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     75.82% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead             2790352     14.73%     90.55% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite            1790561      9.45%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead             31      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite           139      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total              18947770                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          0.620533                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                     333668                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.017610                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads          68755997                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes         24296987                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     18718729                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads               1788                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes              2038                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses          818                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses              19269627                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses                    898                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads          477509                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       747616                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          481                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          430                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       295286                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            6                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked         9352                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles                 55729                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles               17301739                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles              1387620                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts           20649121                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts             1197                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts              3213986                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts             1876581                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts               747                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                 65606                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents              1265989                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           430                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         36257                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        30797                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts               67054                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts             18839781                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts              2752404                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts           107992                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                     4522295                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                 2150415                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                   1769891                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    0.616996                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                      18754671                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                     18719547                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                 13809948                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                 23998023                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      0.613058                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.575462                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts        3650122                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.commitNonSpecStalls             13                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts            55352                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     30027548                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.566136                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.846223                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     26719936     88.98%     88.98% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       402423      1.34%     90.32% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       319206      1.06%     91.39% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       575638      1.92%     93.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       259829      0.87%     94.17% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       129007      0.43%     94.60% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       161359      0.54%     95.14% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       101787      0.34%     95.48% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      1358363      4.52%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     30027548                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts             8831162                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps              16999667                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                       4047658                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                      2466360                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                          6                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                   2040017                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                       350                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                 16995635                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls               69679                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass         3820      0.02%      0.02% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu        12947945     76.17%     76.19% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              6      0.00%     76.19% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv              26      0.00%     76.19% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd           212      0.00%     76.19% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     76.19% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     76.19% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     76.19% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     76.19% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     76.19% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     76.19% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     76.19% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     76.19% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     76.19% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     76.19% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     76.19% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     76.19% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     76.19% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     76.19% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     76.19% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     76.19% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     76.19% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     76.19% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     76.19% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     76.19% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     76.19% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     76.19% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     76.19% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     76.19% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     76.19% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     76.19% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     76.19% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead        2466333     14.51%     90.70% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite       1581217      9.30%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead           27      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite           81      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::total         16999667                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events              1358363                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                    49318974                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                   41795947                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                            112                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                          12037                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.committedInsts                    8831162                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                     16999667                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                              3.457607                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                        3.457607                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              0.289217                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        0.289217                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads                27811814                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes               14822584                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads                     1250                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_writes                     663                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_reads                 11700833                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_writes                 6073495                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads                9025575                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements           221399                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs            6137948                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           221399                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs            27.723468                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data         1024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          137                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          876                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           10                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         15607795                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses        15607795                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data      1782650                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        1782650                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data      1580787                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       1580787                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data      3363437                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total         3363437                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data      3363437                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total        3363437                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data       482649                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       482649                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data          513                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          513                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data       483162                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total        483162                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data       483162                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total       483162                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  41307732500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  41307732500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     38757999                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     38757999                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  41346490499                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  41346490499                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  41346490499                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  41346490499                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data      2265299                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      2265299                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data      1581300                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1581300                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data      3846599                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total      3846599                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data      3846599                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total      3846599                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.213062                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.213062                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000324                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000324                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.125608                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.125608                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.125608                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.125608                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 85585.451332                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 85585.451332                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 75551.654971                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 75551.654971                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 85574.797892                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 85574.797892                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 85574.797892                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 85574.797892                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       263041                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs             3293                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    79.878834                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       195254                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total           195254                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       261760                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       261760                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data            2                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       261762                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       261762                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       261762                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       261762                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       220889                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       220889                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          511                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          511                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       221400                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       221400                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       221400                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       221400                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19596360500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  19596360500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     38101499                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     38101499                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19634461999                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  19634461999                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19634461999                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  19634461999                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.097510                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.097510                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000323                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000323                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.057557                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.057557                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.057557                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.057557                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 88715.873131                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 88715.873131                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 74562.620352                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 74562.620352                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 88683.206861                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 88683.206861                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 88683.206861                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 88683.206861                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements               78                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse         1023.692904                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs           30082694                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs               78                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs         385675.564103                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst  1023.692904                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.999700                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999700                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         1021                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses          5525560                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses         5525560                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst      1381269                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        1381269                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst      1381269                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total         1381269                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst      1381269                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total        1381269                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst          101                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          101                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu0.inst          101                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total           101                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu0.inst          101                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total          101                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst      8649000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8649000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst      8649000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8649000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst      8649000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8649000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst      1381370                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1381370                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst      1381370                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total      1381370                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst      1381370                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total      1381370                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000073                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000073                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000073                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000073                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000073                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000073                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 85633.663366                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 85633.663366                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 85633.663366                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 85633.663366                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 85633.663366                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 85633.663366                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          141                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          141                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::writebacks           78                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total               78                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst           21                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           21                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst           21                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           21                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst           21                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           21                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst           80                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           80                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst           80                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           80                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst           80                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           80                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst      7271000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7271000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst      7271000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      7271000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst      7271000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      7271000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000058                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000058                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000058                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000058                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000058                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000058                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 90887.500000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 90887.500000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 90887.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 90887.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 90887.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 90887.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu1.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                    202176                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                        16384                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                      241049                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                    202176                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      1.192273                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks        3.819223                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst         1.429412                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     16378.751365                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.000233                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst        0.000087                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.999680                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total                   1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          135                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1         1137                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2        13896                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         1213                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                   3745832                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                  3745832                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks       195254                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total           195254                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks           78                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total               78                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data               117                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                   117                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu0.inst             11                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total                 11                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data         19266                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total             19266                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.inst                   11                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data                19383                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                    19394                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.inst                  11                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data               19383                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                   19394                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data             394                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                 394                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu0.inst           69                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total               69                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data       201623                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total          201623                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.inst                 69                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data             202017                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 202086                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.inst                69                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data            202017                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                202086                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     36081000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      36081000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst      7033500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total      7033500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19050368500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total  19050368500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst      7033500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19086449500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      19093483000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst      7033500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19086449500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     19093483000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks       195254                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       195254                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks           78                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total           78                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data           511                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total               511                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu0.inst           80                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total             80                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data       220889                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        220889                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst               80                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data           221400                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               221480                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst              80                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data          221400                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              221480                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.771037                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.771037                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.862500                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.862500                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.912780                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.912780                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst        0.862500                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.912453                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.912435                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst       0.862500                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.912453                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.912435                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 91576.142132                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 91576.142132                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 101934.782609                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 101934.782609                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94485.095946                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 94485.095946                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 101934.782609                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94479.422524                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 94481.968073                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 101934.782609                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94479.422524                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 94481.968073                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks               178608                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                    178608                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks            4                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total             4                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          394                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            394                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst           69                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total           69                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       201623                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total       201623                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            69                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        202017                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            202086                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst           69                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       202017                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           202086                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     32141000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     32141000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst      6343500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6343500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  17034138500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  17034138500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst      6343500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  17066279500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  17072623000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst      6343500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  17066279500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  17072623000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.771037                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.771037                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.862500                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.862500                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.912780                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.912780                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.862500                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.912453                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.912435                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.862500                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.912453                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.912435                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 81576.142132                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81576.142132                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 91934.782609                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 91934.782609                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84485.095946                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84485.095946                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 91934.782609                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84479.422524                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84481.968073                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 91934.782609                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 84479.422524                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84481.968073                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        404183                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       202098                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             201692                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       178607                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict            23490                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq               394                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp              394                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        201692                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       606269                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total       606269                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 606269                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     24364352                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total     24364352                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                24364352                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            202086                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                  202086    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              202086                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer4.occupancy          1159423000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer4.utilization               7.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         1059272000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              6.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       442957                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       221476                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests           23                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops             84                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops           84                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp            220968                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       373862                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean           78                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict           49713                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq              511                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp             511                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq            80                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       220889                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side          238                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       664198                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                664436                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        10112                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     26665792                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total               26675904                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                          202176                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                  11430912                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples           423656                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.000250                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.015816                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                 423550     99.97%     99.97% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                    106      0.03%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total             423656                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy          416810500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              2.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy            120000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy         332098500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             2.2                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
