
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.015267                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 15267344125                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               2641250533625                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                               57399680                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                106170659                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              160757902                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1248940                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                    94.97                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  5451305100                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   10083135573                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.inst            384                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu0.data        7628160                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total            7628544                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst          384                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total           384                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks       407808                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total          407808                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.inst               6                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu0.data          119190                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total              119196                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks          6372                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total               6372                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.inst             25152                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu0.data         499638964                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             499664116                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst        25152                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total            25152                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks        26711129                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total             26711129                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks        26711129                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.inst            25152                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu0.data        499638964                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            526375245                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                      119195                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                       6372                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                    119195                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                     6372                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM                7592960                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                   35520                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                  408512                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                 7628480                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys               407808                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                    555                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0              5579                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1              5441                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2              5115                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3             10700                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4             12603                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5             11020                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6             10598                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7              7239                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8              6973                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9              6820                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10             6479                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11             5994                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12             6051                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13             6444                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14             5908                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15             5676                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0               574                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1               636                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2               670                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3               531                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4               284                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5               380                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6               268                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7               287                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8               304                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9               426                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10              363                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11              281                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12              274                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13              283                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14              360                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15              462                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   15267264500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                119195                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                 6372                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                   94776                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                   21828                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                    1927                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                     108                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                     66                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                     74                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                    375                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                    389                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                    390                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                    389                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                    389                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                    390                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                    389                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                    391                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                    389                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                    390                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                    390                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                    393                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                    392                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                    395                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                    391                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                    390                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples        79384                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    100.804192                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean    88.950319                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev    60.445729                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127        49900     62.86%     62.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255        25840     32.55%     95.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383         3195      4.02%     99.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511          351      0.44%     99.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639           69      0.09%     99.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767           17      0.02%     99.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895            9      0.01%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023            1      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151            2      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total        79384                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples          390                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean     304.453846                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean    242.871663                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    194.251835                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::32-63            11      2.82%      2.82% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::64-95            36      9.23%     12.05% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::96-127           45     11.54%     23.59% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::128-159           35      8.97%     32.56% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::160-191           18      4.62%     37.18% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::192-223           10      2.56%     39.74% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::224-255           18      4.62%     44.36% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::256-287           19      4.87%     49.23% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::288-319           26      6.67%     55.90% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::320-351           20      5.13%     61.03% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::352-383           32      8.21%     69.23% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::384-415           18      4.62%     73.85% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::416-447           21      5.38%     79.23% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::448-479           18      4.62%     83.85% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::480-511            9      2.31%     86.15% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::512-543            9      2.31%     88.46% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::544-575            8      2.05%     90.51% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::576-607           13      3.33%     93.85% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::608-639            2      0.51%     94.36% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::640-671            3      0.77%     95.13% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::672-703            6      1.54%     96.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::736-767            1      0.26%     96.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::768-799            1      0.26%     97.18% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::800-831            1      0.26%     97.44% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::832-863            5      1.28%     98.72% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::864-895            1      0.26%     98.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::896-927            1      0.26%     99.23% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::928-959            1      0.26%     99.49% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::960-991            1      0.26%     99.74% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::992-1023            1      0.26%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total           390                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples          390                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      16.366667                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.349504                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.769881                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16              315     80.77%     80.77% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::17                9      2.31%     83.08% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18               64     16.41%     99.49% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::19                2      0.51%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total           390                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                   3175237000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat              5399737000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                  593200000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     26763.63                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                45513.63                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       497.33                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                        26.76                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    499.66                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                     26.71                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         4.09                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     3.89                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.21                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.21                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      25.42                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                    42410                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                    3235                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 35.75                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                50.77                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                     121586.60                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    36.51                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                320064780                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                170137440                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy               487626300                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy               18948600                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         1205309040.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy           1369726530                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy             25575840                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy      5322643470                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy       201404160                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy                0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy             9121436160                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            597.447473                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime          12196471500                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE     10282500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF     509860000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    524687500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    2549583500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  11672930625                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                246694140                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                131124840                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy               359463300                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy               14370660                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         1206538320.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy           1094107020                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy             26414880                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy      5408942040                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy       357608640                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy          3147120                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy             8848410960                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            579.564519                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime          12798039250                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE     12877000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF     510398000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF      6210000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    930969000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    1945898000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  11860992125                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups                5006119                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted          5006119                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect           321648                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups             4090243                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                 310722                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect             44813                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectLookups        4090243                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectHits           1885144                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectMisses         2205099                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu0.branchPredindirectMispredicted       154646                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                    2645500                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                     499490                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                       370495                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                         8734                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                    3622606                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                        16336                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.workload.numSyscalls                    2                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                        30534688                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles           3789956                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                      16876698                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                    5006119                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches           2195866                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                     26246138                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                 654138                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.TlbCycles                       866                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.cpu0.fetch.MiscStallCycles                3892                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles       122149                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingQuiesceStallCycles           55                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending quiesce instructions
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                  3606271                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes                69317                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.ItlbSquashes                      6                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples          30490125                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             1.120764                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            2.549178                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                24488544     80.32%     80.32% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                  173408      0.57%     80.89% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                 1362856      4.47%     85.35% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                  212414      0.70%     86.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                  410605      1.35%     87.40% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                  335747      1.10%     88.50% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                  289626      0.95%     89.45% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                  158424      0.52%     89.97% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                 3058501     10.03%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total            30490125                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.163949                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       0.552706                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                 2405547                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles             23277612                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                  3744981                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles               734916                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles                327069                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts              29615107                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles                327069                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                 2737536                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles               21278556                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles         71522                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                  4005446                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles              2069996                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts              28113707                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents               137116                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents               1651649                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LQFullEvents                237246                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu0.rename.SQFullEvents                 11791                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands           33224814                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups             74909720                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups        39544173                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.fp_rename_lookups           342169                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps             12303778                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                20921035                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts              1311                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts          1723                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                  3729839                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads             4192146                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores             715685                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads            32083                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores           32994                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                  25655857                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded              40880                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                 19532874                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued            47875                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       15495485                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     27727375                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         40878                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     30490125                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        0.640630                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       1.529642                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           24171438     79.28%     79.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1            1779143      5.84%     85.11% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2            1182082      3.88%     88.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3             883591      2.90%     91.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4            1031217      3.38%     95.27% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5             593630      1.95%     97.22% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6             456503      1.50%     98.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7             233410      0.77%     99.48% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8             159111      0.52%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       30490125                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                 106481     78.25%     78.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     78.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     78.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                11322      8.32%     86.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     86.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     86.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     86.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     86.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     86.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     86.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     86.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     86.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     86.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     86.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     86.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     86.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     86.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     86.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     86.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     86.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     86.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     86.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     86.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     86.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     86.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     86.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     86.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     86.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     86.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     86.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     86.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                 14889     10.94%     97.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                 2346      1.72%     99.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead              980      0.72%     99.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite              61      0.04%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass           119151      0.61%      0.61% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu             15780696     80.79%     81.40% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult               10431      0.05%     81.45% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv               111406      0.57%     82.02% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd             138760      0.71%     82.73% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     82.73% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     82.73% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     82.73% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     82.73% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     82.73% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     82.73% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     82.73% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     82.73% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     82.73% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     82.73% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     82.73% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     82.73% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     82.73% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     82.73% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     82.73% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     82.73% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     82.73% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     82.73% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     82.73% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     82.73% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     82.73% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     82.73% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     82.73% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     82.73% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     82.73% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     82.73% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     82.73% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead             2809311     14.38%     97.12% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite             535891      2.74%     99.86% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead          27076      0.14%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite           152      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total              19532874                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          0.639695                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                     136079                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.006967                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads          69393952                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes         40931619                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     18311682                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads             345875                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            260620                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       154881                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses              19371451                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses                 178351                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads           48037                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2685296                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses         1606                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           26                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       378226                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          449                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked         1731                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles                327069                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles               17844469                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles               364482                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts           25696737                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts            19653                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts              4192146                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts              715685                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts             14517                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                 41544                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                76785                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents            26                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        146125                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       244223                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts              390348                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts             18926693                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts              2642553                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts           606181                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                     3141923                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                 2102220                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                    499370                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    0.619842                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                      18603916                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                     18466563                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                 13873647                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                 22821146                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      0.604773                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.607929                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts       15497043                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.commitNonSpecStalls              2                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts           327059                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     28193402                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.361831                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.227214                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     24646261     87.42%     87.42% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1351795      4.79%     92.21% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       449137      1.59%     93.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       874048      3.10%     96.91% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       242073      0.86%     97.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       166871      0.59%     98.36% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        68232      0.24%     98.60% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        42880      0.15%     98.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       352105      1.25%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     28193402                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts             5110553                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps              10201252                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                       1844309                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                      1506850                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                   1479321                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                    134700                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                 10065086                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls               59483                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass        40512      0.40%      0.40% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu         8101061     79.41%     79.81% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult           2379      0.02%     79.83% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv           97815      0.96%     80.79% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd        115176      1.13%     81.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     81.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     81.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     81.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     81.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     81.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     81.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     81.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     81.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     81.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     81.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     81.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     81.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     81.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     81.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     81.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     81.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     81.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     81.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     81.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     81.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     81.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     81.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     81.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     81.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     81.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     81.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     81.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead        1487326     14.58%     96.50% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite        337459      3.31%     99.81% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead        19524      0.19%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::total         10201252                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events               352105                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                    53539592                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                   53709518                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                            575                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                          44563                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.committedInsts                    5110553                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                     10201252                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                              5.974831                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                        5.974831                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              0.167369                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        0.167369                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads                22270982                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes               15980144                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads                   270537                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_writes                  135286                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_reads                 10744758                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_writes                 5413925                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads                8819916                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements           510581                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs            1911026                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           510581                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs             3.742846                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data         1024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          613                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          392                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           12                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            6                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         12118453                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses        12118453                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data      1649758                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        1649758                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data       333976                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        333976                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data      1983734                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total         1983734                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data      1983734                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total        1983734                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data       914751                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       914751                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data         3483                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         3483                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data       918234                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total        918234                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data       918234                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total       918234                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  31258794000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  31258794000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    328787500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    328787500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  31587581500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  31587581500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  31587581500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  31587581500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data      2564509                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      2564509                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data       337459                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       337459                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data      2901968                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total      2901968                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data      2901968                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total      2901968                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.356696                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.356696                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.010321                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.010321                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.316418                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.316418                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.316418                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.316418                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 34171.915636                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 34171.915636                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94397.789262                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 94397.789262                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 34400.361455                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 34400.361455                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 34400.361455                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 34400.361455                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        47819                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs             1727                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    27.689056                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        30305                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total            30305                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       407593                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       407593                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data           60                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           60                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       407653                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       407653                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       407653                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       407653                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       507158                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       507158                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         3423                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         3423                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       510581                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       510581                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       510581                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       510581                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16190451000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  16190451000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    319364500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    319364500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16509815500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  16509815500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16509815500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  16509815500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.197760                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.197760                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.010143                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.010143                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.175943                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.175943                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.175943                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.175943                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 31923.879738                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 31923.879738                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 93299.591002                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 93299.591002                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 32335.350317                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 32335.350317                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 32335.350317                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 32335.350317                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements                7                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse                1021                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs                 27                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs                7                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs             3.857143                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst         1021                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.997070                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.997070                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1021                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         1017                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.997070                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses         14425091                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses        14425091                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst      3606264                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        3606264                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst      3606264                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total         3606264                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst      3606264                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total        3606264                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst            7                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total            7                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu0.inst            7                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total             7                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu0.inst            7                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total            7                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       633000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total       633000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       633000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total       633000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       633000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total       633000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst      3606271                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      3606271                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst      3606271                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total      3606271                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst      3606271                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total      3606271                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000002                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000002                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000002                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000002                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000002                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000002                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 90428.571429                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 90428.571429                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 90428.571429                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 90428.571429                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 90428.571429                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 90428.571429                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::writebacks            7                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total                7                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            7                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total            7                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       626000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       626000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       626000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total       626000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       626000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total       626000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000002                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000002                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000002                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000002                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000002                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000002                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 89428.571429                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 89428.571429                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 89428.571429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 89428.571429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 89428.571429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 89428.571429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                      0                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted                0                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect                0                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups                   0                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct                  nan                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                      0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect                 0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectLookups              0                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectHits                 0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectMisses               0                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu1.branchPredindirectMispredicted            0                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples                 0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean                  nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev                 nan                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                       0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total                   0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.idleRate                        nan                       # Percent of cycles fetch was idle
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                      nan                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                            nan                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles             0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts                 0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts             0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                        0                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads                   0                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores                  0                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads                0                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores               0                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean             nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev            nan                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                  0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total              0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0                       # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                   0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                  0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite             0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total                     0                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                               nan                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                          0                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                       nan                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                 0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads                 0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes                0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               0                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads            0                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            0                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores            0                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                     0                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                   0                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                 0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             0                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect             0                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect            0                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts                   0                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts                    0                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                    0                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts                0                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                           0                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                       0                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                         0                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                         nan                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                             0                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                            0                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                        0                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                        0                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                           nan                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                         nan                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev          nan                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                             0                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                            0                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                          0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                         0                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.vec_insts                        0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                        0                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls                   0                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead              0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite             0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::total                0                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events                    0                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                           0                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                          0                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                                   nan                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                             nan                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                                   nan                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                             nan                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.replacements                    119280                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                        16384                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                     1295081                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                    119280                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                     10.857487                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks        7.700545                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst         0.386569                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     16375.912886                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.000470                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst        0.000024                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.999506                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total                   1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           22                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          791                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         7238                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         8236                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           97                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                   8288688                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                  8288688                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks        30305                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total            30305                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks            7                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total                7                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data               188                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                   188                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu0.inst              1                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total                  1                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data        391204                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total            391204                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.inst                    1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data               391392                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                   391393                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.inst                   1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data              391392                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                  391393                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data            3235                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                3235                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu0.inst            6                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total                6                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data       115954                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total          115954                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.inst                  6                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data             119189                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 119195                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.inst                 6                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data            119189                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                119195                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    312147000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     312147000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       604500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total       604500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  11217676000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total  11217676000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       604500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  11529823000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      11530427500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       604500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  11529823000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     11530427500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks        30305                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        30305                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks            7                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total            7                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data          3423                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total              3423                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu0.inst            7                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total              7                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data       507158                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        507158                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst                7                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data           510581                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               510588                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst               7                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data          510581                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              510588                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.945077                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.945077                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.857143                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.857143                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.228635                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.228635                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst        0.857143                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.233438                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.233447                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst       0.857143                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.233438                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.233447                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 96490.571870                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 96490.571870                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       100750                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total       100750                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 96742.466840                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 96742.466840                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       100750                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 96735.629966                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 96735.832040                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       100750                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 96735.629966                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 96735.832040                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                 6372                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                      6372                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks           90                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total            90                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         3235                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           3235                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            6                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total            6                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       115954                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total       115954                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst             6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        119189                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            119195                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst            6                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       119189                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           119195                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    279797000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    279797000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       544500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       544500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  10058126000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  10058126000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       544500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  10337923000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  10338467500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst       544500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  10337923000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  10338467500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.945077                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.945077                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.857143                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.857143                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.228635                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.228635                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.857143                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.233438                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.233447                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.857143                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.233438                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.233447                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 86490.571870                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 86490.571870                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        90750                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        90750                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 86742.380599                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 86742.380599                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        90750                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 86735.546065                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 86735.748144                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        90750                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 86735.546065                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 86735.748144                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        238394                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       119199                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             115961                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         6372                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict           112827                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq              3235                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp             3235                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        115960                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       357590                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total       357590                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 357590                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port      8036352                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total      8036352                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 8036352                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            119195                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                  119195    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              119195                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer4.occupancy           299389500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer4.utilization               2.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy          652430500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              4.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests      1021176                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       510588                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests           64                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops            171                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops          160                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops           11                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15267344125                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp            507165                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        36677                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean            7                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict          593184                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             3423                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp            3423                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq             7                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       507158                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side           21                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      1531743                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total               1531764                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side          896                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     34616704                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total               34617600                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                          119280                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                    407808                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples           629868                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.000391                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.020624                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                 629633     99.96%     99.96% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                    224      0.04%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                     11      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total             629868                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy          540900000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              3.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy             10500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy         765871500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             5.0                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
